New York police are concerned drones could become tools for terrorists, and are investigating ways to stop potential attacks. Until now police haven't acknowledged drones as a potential weapon, but the NYPD has now said the technology has advanced enough that someone could use them to carry out an air assault using chemical weapons and firearms. Police want to develop technology which will allow them to take control of drones as well as scan the skies for them before major events. The NYPD says drones carrying explosives are the number one threat as they investigate ways to stop attacks . Deputy Chief Salvatore DiPace, left, was concerned about an incident last year where a drone was landed in front of German Chancellor Angela Merkel and 'could have took the chancellor and her people out' A drone which was flown over a packed football stadium in Manchester, England, just over a week ago, resulting in the suspected pilot being arrested . They are consulting with the military and members of its counterterrorism, bomb squad, emergency services and aviation units are working on a plan to counter weaponized drones. The NYPD hasn't received any intelligence indicating there is an imminent threat, but has become increasingly concerned over the last year. Deputy Chief Salvatore DiPace told CBS News: 'We've looked at some people that have jury-rigged these drones to carry guns, to carry different types of explosives if they wanted to; there's just so many possibilities that we're very worried about.' Mr Dipace said police had also seen video showing how accurate an attack from a drone could be: 'We've seen some video where the drone was flying at different targets along the route and very accurately hitting the targets with the paintball. The NYPD now sees a drone carrying explosives as the number one threat. Mr DiPace's concerns follow an incident in Germany last year where a drone was able to land just in front of German Chancellor Angela Merkel as she delivered a speech. The drone, circled, landed in front of Ms Merkel as she delivered a speech sin Germany sparking fears that the device could easily be used to commit a terrorist act . He said: 'If you really think about what could have happened there, the drone hit its target right on the mark and could have took the chancellor and her people out.' There has been a dramatic increase of incidents involving drones in New York City in the last year, with 40 recorded. In some cases unmanned aircraft systems or drones had flown into airspace being used by NYPD helicopters. In one incident this summer, a drone which was almost 800 feet off the ground, nearly collided with a police helicopter. NYPD Aviation Unit Member, Sergeant Antonio Hernandez said: 'We're flying in the dark; we have night-vision goggles on, we're trying to get a job done and then the next thing you know we see this drone come up to our altitude.'By . Ryan Lipman . Perhaps Australian porn star Angela White thought she was bringing the ultimate steamy study fantasy to life when she and a partner secretly filmed sex acts in the library of La Trobe University in Melbourne. The video is believed to have been shot this year, while the library was open for use and has sparked outrage from the university and the ire of police. Despite the presence of nearby students, White starts the video by revealing herself between bookshelves, as reported by the Herald Sun. Raunchy: Angela White and a partner secretly filmed sex acts in the library of La Trobe University in Melbourne . White and her onscreen lover then move to nearby desks, with her partner keeping lookout. A La Trobe University spokesman said it was shocked and appalled by the 'brazen act'. 'We knew nothing about the video footage until we were recently informed by some of our students.'Permission was not sought, nor would it have been given. If requested we would assist fully with any police investigation.' A Victoria Police spokeswoman said if the pair were caught in the act, they could have faced charges including wilful and obscene exposure. 'Brazen act': La Trobe was unaware of the video had been filmed and was left outraged by the embarrassment . On the back of the controversy, Whiteâ€™s Dutch-based production company AGW Entertainment issued a statement addressing the incident and has since removed the video, which had been published online. 'AGW Entertainment B.V. regrets that the filming and/or posting of the video in question may have offended members of the public,â€ .This was, Sergio Garcia conceded, much like being hunted by Tiger, complete with the roars that provided the first sign of danger. Only this time here it was Rory McIlroy who was terrorising the two golfers ahead of him. McIlroy who was drawing deafening applause from the crowds in the group behind. For Garcia and Rickie Fowler, it made the final few holes of a dramatic third round here in Hoylake all the more torturous. As Fowler dropped a shot on 17, his third bogey in four holes, McIlroy could be heard making eagle on the adjacent 16th. Under pressure: Sergio Garcia and Rickie Fowler during the third round on Saturday . As the American and the Spaniard then made their way across the third fairway to the scorer's tent, there came another roar for yet another eagle on 18 for the Ulsterman. Fowler had just birdied 18 but even that failed to stop the gap between first and second widening. Defending champion Phil Mickelson felt he missed a good opportunity to move up the leaderboard on day three. Mickelson was among the day's first starters, teeing off at 9am, but failed to take advantage of unexpectedly good conditions. The lefthander fired a 71 to lie 15 shots behind leader Rory McIlroy overnight and said: 'We had beautiful scoring conditions, first group off. If we could have shot seven, eight, nine under par it probably was out there. It was as easy as I've seen the course play. We could have made some noise. 'It could have been a lot lower and I let a lot of shots slide.' Mickelson, who came through the field to win with a final-round 66 at Muirfield last year, opened here with rounds of 74 and 70. Garcia admitted afterwards that playing McIlroy in this kind of form is as daunting as waging war against Woods in his prime; an almost futile exercise however well those in the chasing pack might be playing. 'I don't think Rory has been as consistent as Tiger was for so many years, but when he's at his best he's right up there,' said Garcia. 'Obviously I heard the roar on 16. I didn't know but I imagined it was an eagle. The only thing you can do is say "well done".' For Fowler is proved particularly galling. He was tearing up this course in near perfect conditions, going through the turn in 32 and then birdying 10, 11 and 12 to erase the six-shot advantage McIlroy had taken into the third round. But then came that crushing run of bogies and with it an emphatic McIlroy response. Fowler will nevertheless take encouragement from the fact that the six-shot lead McIlroy now has this afternoon can be closed, because he did it in 12 holes yesterday. He can also draw some comfort in knowing his two professional wins to date were both achieved with McIlroy as runner-up. His first victory, the Wells Fargo Championship two years ago, came after beating McIlroy on the first extra hole of a sudden-death play-off. Add to that the benefit of having been in much the same position in the US Open last month, not to mention the confidence of having already finished in the top five in both majors this year, and Fowler goes into the final pairing today in decent shape. Feel the force: Rickie Fowler tees off on the 13th hole at Hoylake on Saturday . The advice he gets from Phil Mickleson, someone he referred to affectionately as his golf 'dad', is also sure to come in handy. What better mentor to have than last year's Open champion? 'I've learned a lot from Phil,' said Fowler. 'He's kind of been like, I hate to say it, but like a dad out here. It's been a lot of fun being around him. Not just playing on Tuesday, but having dinner with him and seeing how he operates on and off the golf course.' Thanks to the work he has been doing this past year with Butch Harmon – a coach Fowler described as the 'best in the world' – the young American has been itting his irons superbly and at times he putted beautifully too, sinking one from around 30 feet on the second hole. Garcia's approach on the eighth was also worthy of mention, even if he will want to forget the two-and-a-half foot putt he missed on 12. Garcia thinks it a tall order, catching McIlroy. 'If he shoots three under, I have to shoot 10,' he said with a smile. 'So if Rory plays the way he's been playing it's difficult to see anybody catching him. When Rory plays well every course suits him. There's not really a lot of weaknesses in his game.' In the swing: American Rickie Fowler has been hitting his irons superbly . Fowler knows that too, having grown up competing against McIlroy. They are just a few months apart in age – now both 25 – and are actually good friends as well as neighbours in Jupiter, Florida. They also have a penchant for brightly covered clothing even if McIlroy joked this week that Fowler's fashion sense – he will once again wear the orange of Olklahoma State University today – was highly questionable. 'We've travelled a bit together between tournaments,' said Fowler. 'We first played against each other at the Walker Cup in 2007 and it's kind of gone from there. So I'm looking forward to it tomorrow. It's going to be a good time. We're good buddies and at the same time we both want to beat up on each other as bad as possible. 'If I can go out and put a bit of pressure on him and make him earn it a bit, get myself in the mix, maybe we'll be able to throw some blows back and forth. 'The US Open last month was my first time in the final group at a major. But it was just a matter of time before the two of us found a way to sneak into a final group together.'An Ebola outbreak that began in Guinea four months ago has turned into a cross-border African crisis that could spread to more countries, the World Health Organisation warned last night. Despite efforts by health authorities and aid groups to contain its spread, the WHO has recorded 635 infections, including 399 deaths, in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia since the outbreak started. The crisis is already the deadliest outbreak since Ebola first emerged in central Africa in 1976, and the number of infections continues to rise. The WHO is calling for drastic action to halt the epidemic. Scroll down for video . Aid: Staff from Médecins Sans Frontières sitting in the isolation ward at the Donka Hospital in Conakry, Guinea, where people infected with the Ebola virus are being treated . Cleanliness: Guinean women washing their hands at the entrance of the Sino-Guinean hospital of Kipe in the Ratoma municipality, where the first person infected with the Ebola virus was treated in Conakry . Campsite: The isolation ward at the Donka Hospital in Conakry where people infected with the Ebola virus are being treated . Luis Sambo, WHO Regional Director for . Africa, said: ‘This is no longer a country specific outbreak but a . sub-regional crisis that requires firm action by governments and . partners. ‘WHO is gravely . concerned by the on-going cross-border transmission into neighbouring . countries as well as the potential for further international spread.’ In . response to the worsening crisis, the WHO said it will convene a . special meeting of health ministers from 11 countries in Ghana on July 2 . and 3 to develop an inter-country response plan. Ebola . - with a fatality rate of up to 90 per cent, no vaccine and no known . cure - has not previously occurred in the West Africa region. People . there have become frightened of health facilities, blaming them for . importing and spreading the virus. Guidance: A Liberian Unicef field worker reads an Ebola information poster on the prevention of the Ebola epidemic, during a meeting at the Mission for Today Holy Church, in Newkru Town, Monrovia, Liberia . Guidance notice: A Liberian woman reads an information poster on the prevention of the Ebola epidemic . Medical response: A Liberian nurse walks past a poster illustrating steps for nurses to put on protective clothing displayed at the Redemption Hospital where a nurse reportedly died of Ebola virus in Monrovia . Abandoned: Empty hospital beds are seen at Redemption after nurses and patients fled due to Ebola deaths . The Ebola virus initially causes raging fever, headaches, muscle pain, conjunctivitis and weakness, before moving into more severe phases with vomiting, diarrhoea and internal and external haemorrhaging. 'This is no longer a country specific outbreak but a sub-regional crisis that requires firm action by governments and partners' Luis Sambo, World Health Organisation . Mr Sambo said: ‘There is an urgent need to intensify response efforts; to promote cross-border collaboration and information sharing of suspected cases and contacts... and to mobilise all sectors of the community. 'This is the only way that the outbreak will be effectively addressed.’ Medical charity Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) said this week that a lack of understanding has meant people continue to prepare corpses and attend funerals of victims, leaving them vulnerable to a disease transmitted by touching victims or via bodily fluids. MSF accused civil society groups, governments and religious authorities of failing to acknowledge the scale of the epidemic, resulting in few prominent figures promoting the fight against the disease.By . Associated Press and Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 10:20 EST, 14 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:14 EST, 14 November 2013 . Residents of several Florida homes have been evacuated due to a sinkhole that opened up in a Dunedin, Florida backyard, near St Petersburg Thursday. Dunedin Deputy Fire Chief Trip Barrs said the hole appeared to be about 12-feet wide when officials arrived on the scene around 6am, but grew to 40-feet-wide and 30-feet-deep by 9am. Residents of seven neighboring houses were evacuated as a precaution and power has been shut off in the area. No injuries have been reported. Scroll down for video . Into the earth: A sinkhole opened up this morning in Dunedin, Florida, swallowing up parts of two homes . Expanding: When fire and rescue responders arrived on the scene around 6am, the sinkhole was 12-feet-wide but soon grew to 40-feet-wide and 30-feet-deep . Breakfast: The sinkhole gobbled up a boat, pool and one home's master bedroom. No one was injured from the sinkhole . Homeowner Michael Dupre said they heard the sinkhole open up in their backyard around 5:15 this morning. 'It sounded like banging against the windows. I thought someone was trying to break-in,' his daughter Ivy Dupre told Fox 13. Ivy Dupre said that there seemed to be two sinkholes, one that opened up in the backyard and one near her bedroom, but that has not yet been confirmed by fire and rescue officials. The sinkhole has swallowed up the master bedroom and in-ground pool of one home, while another home lost their deck and boat. After the sinkhole opened up, the Dupre's called 911. Fire and rescue officials told them to grab whatever they could and get out of the home. Sinkhole alley: Sinkholes are common in this area of Florida, nicknamed 'sinkhole alley' for the type of porous rocks that cause the earth to shift . 'We grabbed only the important stuff. Insurance information - stuff like that,' Mr Dupre said. 'You don't really think about this kind of stuff happening.' Sinkholes are common in Florida because the peninsula is made up of porous carbonate rocks such as limestone that store and help move water underground. Over time, the rocks can dissolve from an acid created from oxygen in water, creating a void under the limestone roof. When dirt, clay or sand gets too heavy for the limestone roof, it can collapse, creating a sinkhole. On February 28, Jeffrey Bush died when a sinkhole opened under his bedroom in Seffner, Florida, near Tampa. His body was never recovered. In August, sections of a building at a resort near Orlando collapsed into a sinkhole. No one was injured in that sinkhole. Early morning surprise: According to homeowners in the area, the sinkhole opened up at about 5:15 this morning . 'After the Seffner sinkhole, we were scared,' Mr Dupre told WTSP. 'We've been dealing with our insurance company and finally two days ago, they started working on our house. Now it looks like our house is gone.' State officials say three counties in the Tampa region are known as 'sinkhole alley.' Two-thirds of the sinkhole damage claims reported to the state Office of Insurance Regulation between 2006 and 2010 came from Hernando, Hillsborough and Pasco counties. Dunedin is in neighboring Pinellas County.Jerusalem woke up on Tuesday to horrific images of slain Jewish worshipers, and scores injured in a terror attack on a synagogue. The assault which took place in the western Jerusalem neighborhood of Har Nof, shocked Israel to the core, as well as many others around the world. This is not surprising considering both the brutality of the attack and the fact it was carried out in a holy place, where innocent religious people were worshiping. The two assailants, cousins from the East Jerusalem neighborhood of Jabal Mukaber, were shot dead by the Israeli security forces. The incident in addition to the ongoing violence since the beginning of summer, left the city of Jerusalem more divided than for a long time. The attack this week should have also sent a clear message to both leaderships that if they will not take measures to calm the situation down, further escalation and worse violence is around the corner. Regrettably, the Hamas praised the attack in Jerusalem and the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described the situation as the "Battle for Jerusalem." He also accused the Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas of involvement despite the latter's condemnation of the killing. Both sides are employing inflammable language, although it is hard to blame the Palestinian president for feeling angry considering Israeli behavior since the collapse of the peace process in April. To make things worse, it emerged in recent days that Israel has also decided to return to a policy of demolishing houses of terrorists' families, even if they were killed during the attack. The Israeli security establishment argues that this form of punishment serves as a deterrence for any other would-be assailants. Regardless of the fate they face, their families are going to pay a heavy price and will be left homeless. In a society where three generations of one family might live under the same roof, one act harms quite a few people, from babies to the elderly. To prove the seriousness of their intentions, the Israeli security forces already demolished a home on Wednesday. The home in Silwan was that of the Palestinian who drove his car into a crowd last month, killing two people. He was killed in the attack. The Army also moved to demolish the houses of the two who carried out the killing at the synagogue in Jerusalem. Ironically the policy of demolishing houses as a form of deterrence was abandoned back in 2005 at the request of the Israeli army. A report produced, following an investigation by the Israeli security establishment, found this action counter-productive. There is actually evidence that house demolition led to a rise in the number of attacks. House demolition of Palestinian militants' houses is a form of collective punishment and an act of revenge, concealed behind a claim of deterrence. A similar "standard" was never applied to a Jewish terrorist. For instance when a Jewish settler, Baruch Goldstein, slayed 29 Muslim worshipers in the Cave of Patriarchs, no one suggested to demolish his home as a deterrence. According to the Israeli human rights organization B'tselem, in the height of the Second Intifada, between 2001-2005, 664 Palestinian homes were demolished in the occupied Palestinian territories as an apparent deterrence. There is no evidence that the misery inflicted on thousands of innocent Palestinians enhanced Israeli security. It is worth remembering that the demolition of Palestinian houses in the West Bank also takes place for the purpose of expanding settlements, something which aggravates an already hostile population. Arbitrary house demolitions represent not only a bad policy, but are also illegal and immoral. This is a clear violation of international law, more specifically the Fourth Geneva Convention, clearly prohibits forcing individuals and groups out of their homes within an occupied territory. Any demolition of houses when there are no overwhelming military reasons is regarded as a grave breach of the Geneva Convention and could potentially lead to a war crime charge. And there is also, of course, a moral aspect. As deplorable as some of the acts committed by a few individuals, their punishment should not extend beyond their death or what the court decides. Their families, as a result, suffered a loss too, for no fault of their own. To condemn them to destitution for an act that they did not commit is a moral travesty. The decision by the Israelis to resume Palestinian house demolition following an attack on Jews in Israel is not a security decision but a political one, aimed to satisfy an angry public and extreme right-wing members of the current coalition. The Israeli coalition depends on satisfying their demands. However, the lack of credibility of the deterrence argument, combined with the immorality and illegality of house demolitions should serve as an overwhelming reason not to resume this abysmal practice.An Australian father who is believed to have been brainwashed by the preachings of Islamic extremist Musa Cerantonio has joined the ranks of terror group Islamic State to fight in the Middle East. According to Twitter, Zia Abdul Haq's current location is in an IS-controlled area of Ash-Shaam, also known as Syria. Friends of the 33-year-old believed the man from Logan - south of Brisbane - was moving to Syria to look for a new wife after the breakdown of his marriage, but The Courier Mail has revealed Abdul Haq is in fact fighting with the extremist organisation. Scroll down for video . The friends of Zia Abdul Haq says the father-of-one, from Logan, is a 'good-hearted guy' Two of Australia's most notorious jihadists Khaled Sharrouf and Mohamed Elomar are part of the same group. Abdul Haq is one of the latest of three men who are believed to have joined IS, including Melbourne's Abu Khaled al-Cambodi and Mounir Raad. The 33-year-old's friends described him as a 'good-hearted guy' but had been 'brainwashed' by Cerantonio - who is believed to be an influential IS figure - after hearing the radical sheik speak in Brisbane two years ago. The 33-year-old's friends claim he was brainwashed by prominent IS supporter, Musa Cerantonio - a radical sheik . 'He wasn’t a bad guy but he fell off the rails and under the spell of the extremists,' friend Yehya El-Kholed told The Courier Mail. 'Sheik Cerantonio is a hypocrite because while he urges people to go to Syria, he won’t go himself.' Since he landed in Syria, Abdul Haq - who came to Australia in his 20s and took up a job as a finance officer - has been actively posting photos depicting life as a fighter for IS on the social media site. These include M16 training, jihadists playing violent video games and cooking up a shared meal. But like Sharrouf and Elomar, Abdul Haq - who has a young son - has used Twitter as platform to fire off threatening messages, including one to foreign forces to 'bring dead body bag for each of your soldiers'. Most recently, he took aim at the U.S. saying 'Send you (men) to fight us, your drones are useless on the ground' and 'How come you fight #IS with your gays & lesbians army' on Saturday night. Abdul Haq has also hit back at media outlets circulating news about him. 'Many lies about me in Australian news. =/,' he tweeted within half an hour of reports emerging. Since arriving in Syria Abdul Haq has been posting photos on Twitter of what it is like being an IS fighter . Last month Musa Cerantonio was deported back to Australia from the Philippines after he was arrested after breaching the Philippines' immigration laws. Changing his name from Robert Edward, the 29-year-old was detained in the central Filipino city of Cebu where he was believed to have been hiding from Australian authorities, despite claiming on Twitter he had arrived in the Middle East just days before his arrest. He was found with a Filipino fashion designer claiming to be his wife, inside an apartment. Australian authorities cancelled his passport, triggering his arrest and leaving without any documentation. He was then set free when he arrived in Melbourne after deportation as he had not broken any Australian laws. Musa Cerantonio is thought to be an influential IS figure and Abdul Haq is believed to have taken up extremist views after hearing the sheik speak in 2012 in Brisbane .A mother whose premature twins died while she lay in a coma following a tragic ambulance mix-up has led the tributes among mourners at her daughters' funeral. Jocelyn Bennett, 27, attended the service for her children Melody and Rose Clarke at Lodge Hill Crematorium in Birmingham yesterday in a wheelchair. She was allowed out of hospital especially for the service, which comes after she spent 18 days in a coma only to be told upon regaining consciousness that her daughters had passed away. Scroll down for video . Jocelyn Bennett, 27, attended the service for her children Melody and Rose Clarke at Lodge Hill Crematorium in Birmingham in a wheelchair. She was supported by friends and family at the service for her twin daughters . The white horse-drawn princess carriage carried the coffins to the service at Lodge Hill Crematorium . Pink bunting was draped over the coffins of the twin daughters, with their names Melody and Rose on . The twin girls, Melody and Rose Clarke (pictured above in images released by the family), died from multi-organ failure on November 4 . Wearing her favourite colour red, she was wheeled behind the twins' tiny coffins as they were carried to the crematorium in a white horse-drawn princess carriage. White teddy bears were placed inside the carriage along with matching floral tributes. A card showing a picture of Ms Bennett and her partner Kevin, 31, cradling their tragic twins simply read: 'God Bless you Melody and Rose.' Reverend Denise Jones, who led the service, paid tribute to Melody and Rose saying they were two 'very very special baby girls'. She told the 50-strong congregation: 'They were much loved and wanted twin girls and baby sisters to little Slater. 'The last few weeks have been a journey of great courage, determination and faith. The loss of our children is the most painful thing to ever have to experience in our lives. 'Melody and Rose touched the hearts of all of us here today as well as the community and world and they have left behind a beautiful legacy of love.' Hymns 'All Things Bright and Beautiful' and 'Lord of the Dance' were sang by the congregation who all dressed in bright colours on the request of Ms Bennett. Mourners were played 'Somewhere over the rainbow' at the end of the 40-minute ceremony. The babies were delivered by emergency caesarean while Ms Bennett fought for life after collapsing at her home in Druids Heath, Birmingham. She was 32 weeks pregnant when she called 999 early in the morning of October 29 after suffering suffered a placental abruption. When paramedics arrived 12 minutes later at 5.51am, she was in such pain that she could not press the door buzzer to let them in. Ms Bennett was 32 weeks pregnant when she collapsed at her Birmingham home on October 29 . Ms Bennett, 27, was allowed out of hospital especially for the service, which comes after she spent 18 days in a coma only to be told upon regaining consciousness that her twin daughters had tragically passed away . Ms Bennett was surrounded by friends and family at yesterday's service, many of whom offered their support . Ms Bennett attended the service in a wheelchair while the coffins of her twins arrived by horse and carriage . White teddy bears were placed inside the carriage along with matching floral tributes and pink ribbon . October 29 . 5.39am: Jocelyn calls 999 emergency services suffering extreme stomach pains. 5.51am: First paramedic arrives at Pleck House in a rapid response vehicle. 5.58am: First ambulance crew arrives. 6.01am: Second ambulance crew arrives. 6.03am: Ambulance crews call police. 6.10am: Police arrive and gain entry to tower block. 7.01am: Twins delivered by emergency caesarean section. November 4 . 1pm: Twins have life support switched off and pass away shortly afterwards. November 16 . 12pm: Jocelyn awakes from coma. December 4 . Funeral of Melody and Rose at Lodge Hill Crematorium, Birmingham. Tragically, her neighbours refused to buzz the ambulance crew into the council-run tower block because they thought the blue flashing lights were from police vans about to raid the flats. When police finally arrived to let the paramedics in, they found Ms Bennett lying unconscious on the floor of flat - 30 minutes after her initial 999 call. She was rushed to hospital where 4lb 1oz Melody and 3lb Rose were born by emergency caesarean. Tragically, while Ms Bennett slipped into a coma, her baby daughters suffered multi-organ failure and their life support was switched off. They passed away on November 4. The devastated father of Ms Bennett, Joe, 54, said yesterday: 'This has been a tragic time for Jocelyn and everybody in the family. 'We are grateful for all the support and glad Jocelyn was able to attend the service. 'There are still questions which need answering as to why the paramedics were unable to get to Jocelyn sooner but today is about saying goodbye to Rose and Melody.' Following their deaths, Mr Bennett wrote a poem for each of the girls. He previously told how neighbours in the block of flats refused to answer their buzzers to police following a recent raid. 'If any residents see flashing blue lights they don't answer their calls because they fear it'll be another raid. 'No one answered their buzzers when the paramedics tried them. 'There are vulnerable people living in that building and the council has a duty of care for them. A better system needs to be in place.' Birmingham City Council is investigating why paramedics were unable to gain access to Ms Bennett's home in Pleck House. A spokesman for Birmingham City Council said: 'We have systems to provide emergency access to our blocks for the emergency services and an urgent investigation was commissioned as soon as we were made aware of the matter.' Tributes placed with the coffins from relatives of Ms Bennett offered condolences and love to the family . Rose and Melody were born prematurely and died aged just a few days old due to severe organ failure . The twins' tiny coffins arrived by a horse-drawn princess carriage before floral tributes were placed outside . Prior to their deaths, the Bennett family held a 'Christmas' party for the twin girls and had them christened. Ms Bennett's father, his wife Lorraine, and the girls' father Mr Clarke held a small party in hospital for the twins. Mr Bennett said they documented the party, in which they dressed up in Christmas hats and jumpers, so that they could show Ms Bennett photographs when she awoke from her coma. She came round on November 16. At the time of the party, Mr Bennett said: 'It was all for Joyce for when she comes round. We can show her the children were loved and that they brought love into our lives. 'I don't want her to see sad pictures. They were baptised on the day they were born as we knew that was what Joyce had wanted.' After the party, Mr Bennett and his wife dressed the babies in the clothes their mother had chosen to take them home in. On the day they passed away, the hospital chaplain performed a touching service before the babies were placed in their father's arms for one last cuddle. Mr Bennett and his family held the babies and celebrated an early Christmas with them before their deaths . The devastated father of Ms Bennett, Joe, 54, said: 'This has been a tragic time for Jocelyn and the family' Ms Bennett's rescue was delayed when ambulance crews were unable to get past a locked door at her flat block in Birmingham. She had collapsed by other residents failed to buzz paramedics in on October 29 .A community stalwart with an MBE has been spared jail after claiming more than £23,000 of taxpayers' money by lying about his savings. Former magistrate Rahmat Ali Raja, 75, dishonestly claimed pension credits and council tax reductions for 10 years - despite, at one point, having more than £102,000 across nine bank accounts. But the retired charity director, who was also a local councillor in Pendle, Lancashire, was yesterday spared jail for his crimes. Guilty: Rahmat Ali Raja, 75, was yesterday spared jail for falsely claiming more than £23,000 in benefits. The former magistrate and local councillor was awarded an MBE in 2005 . Speaking after the hearing, Raja, originally from Gujarat, Pakistan, said: 'I am very sorry. I made a mistake.' Raja, who has already paid the amounts . back in full, was handed a 24-week prison sentence, suspended for 12 months. He pleaded guilty to two counts of dishonestly failing to . disclose information to make a gain for self, and one count of . dishonestly making a false statement to obtain a benefit. Preston Magistrates' Court heard that, between October 2003 and September 2013, Raja told the Department for Work and Pensions he was retired and had just £5,601 in savings. He wrongly claimed £11,379 in the process. Dishonest: The retired charity director received pension credits and council tax reductions for 10 years . Raja also failed to declare his real savings to Pendle Council in November 2004, allowing him to wrongly claim £11,898 between October 2003 and March 2013. John Abbott, prosecuting, told the court how Raja would receive the payments into his Halifax bank account via automatic credit transfer. He said: 'Evidence has now become available that he had £83,000 on October 6, 2003 which was not disclosed at the time. Had the true facts been known, there would have been an effect on his benefits.' In 2009, Raja claimed he only had one bank account, which he shared with his wife. But Mr Abbott said: 'He had nine other accounts in his and his wife’s names and agrees they were there when he made the original claims for pension credit. He denied acting dishonestly and said he made a mistake.' John Wishart, defending, said: 'First of all, the guidelines make it clear that a large sum of money can be accumulated over a long period of time, as in this case. 'Of considerable mitigation is that the money was instantly repaid in full. The final payment was made in September last year.' He added that the ‘highest recorded amount’ in Raja’s savings at any one time was ‘a little over £102,000’. He added that although these accounts were in his name, they were shared by many members of Raja’s family. Sparing Raja jail, chairman of the bench Kathleen Strickland said his offences had been aggravated because he 'committed the fraud from the outset’. But she said Raja’s age, early guilty plea, full repayment and ill health prevented her from handing out an immediate custodial sentence. As well as his suspended jail sentence, which could be activated it he re-offends within 12 months, Raja must pay court costs of £85 and a £75 victim surcharge. Mrs Strickland said: “If you break this condition it could be very serious for you.” Spared jail: Raja, the former director of a community development trust, was handed a 24-week prison sentence, suspended for 12 months, at Preston Magistrates' Court . Raja was chosen to receive an MBE through his work as a former director of the Ithaad Community Development Trust in Nelson, which provided help and advice to those who needed it. Speaking after the case, he said: “I am very sorry. I made a mistake. All along I have said it’s my family’s money and my children’s money. “I filled out the forms but I did them wrong. My memory is not good and I am sorry.”(CNN) -- Congress has moved to prevent money from the proposed $825 billion stimulus package from being used for zoos, aquariums, golf courses, swimming pools and casinos, an effort to ensure the bill funds only what it calls the "highest quality" infrastructure projects. Restrictions added to the stimulus proposal would keep the money from zoo projects, among other things. "The purpose of this bill is to direct funding at projects that are primarily and clearly aimed at benefiting the economic conditions of communities and the public at large," the bill states. "The federal government and all other levels of government are directed to look with a skeptical eye at projects that don't meet that test." CNN revealed last month that a list of "ready to go" stimulus projects endorsed by the U.S. Conference of Mayors included museum and zoo renovations, aquatic centers, skateboard parks and bike and horse paths. One of the zoo projects in the report is a $4.8 million polar bear exhibit at the Providence, Rhode Island, zoo. The House Appropriations Committee added those restrictions last week after criticism from watchdog groups like the National Taxpayers Union, which monitors government spending. "To the people supporting them, these proposals aren't a joke," said Pete Sepp, the group's vice president. "But to the taxpayers funding them, yes this will be a joke for them, only they won't be laughing." The restrictions in the bill appear meant to address reports about some of the projects endorsed by the U.S. mayors, Sepp said. The stimulus bill, known as the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, has been placed on the congressional fast-track. It could come to a vote in the full House of Representatives as soon as Wednesday, and Democratic leaders have said they aim to get the package to President Obama's desk for enactment by Presidents Day. Watch Obama say he's optimistic after discussing the bill with GOP leaders » . "A historical level of transparency, oversight and accountability will help guarantee taxpayer dollars are spent wisely and Americans can see results for their investment," Rep. Dave Obey, the Wisconsin Democrat who leads the Appropriations Committee, said in a statement. The committee also added language that would prevent any money given to the state of Illinois from being handled by the state's impeached governor, Rod Blagojevich. Blagojevich faces federal charges accusing him of attempting to trade or sell the U.S. Senate seat vacated by Obama after his November election, and the state Senate began his trial Monday. The governor denies any wrongdoing and has skipped his impeachment trial to proclaim his innocence on the talk-show circuit. The measure sets up project monitoring, including a government-wide recovery program Web site, where all announcements for grant competitions, formula grant allocations and competitive grant awards must be listed. In addition, government agencies must publish on the site, "a description of all infrastructure projects, and the total cost and the justification for using stimulus money." The strict rules require that the notification include "the name of a person to contact at the entity if there are concerns with the investment and an e-mail address for the federal official in each agency whom the public can contact," the bill states. "Also included within the notification must be a certification from the mayor or governor or other chief executive, as appropriate, that the investment has received the full review and vetting required by law and that they accept responsibility that this investment is an appropriate use of taxpayer dollars." A Recovery Act Accountability and Transparency Board will be created "to review management of recovery dollars and provide early earning of problems," according to a summary of the bill provided by the appropriations committee. The board will include inspectors general and deputy cabinet secretaries. The stimulus package is already being taken up by key committees in the Senate, where Majority Leader Harry Reid -- from casino-heavy Nevada -- said he is not concerned about the House restrictions on money going to casinos. "Casinos are a huge part of Nevada's economy and create a lot of jobs," Reid told CNN on Tuesday. "But none of the spending in this bill is earmarked for any casino, so this provision is largely symbolic."(CNN) -- He was loved and admired the world over, profiled in books and movies, and showered with awards and accolades. But even the most public of personalities have little-known facts buried in their biographies. Here are 10 surprising facts you probably didn't know about Nelson Mandela: . 1. He lived up to his name: Mandela's birth name was Rolihlahla. In his Xhosa tribe, the name means pulling the branch of a tree or troublemaker. (The name "Nelson" was given to him by his teacher on his first day of elementary school. It's not clear why she chose that particular name. It was the 1920s, and African children were given English names so colonial masters could pronounce them easily). 2. He had a cameo in a Spike Lee film: He had a big part in Spike Lee's 1992 biopic "Malcolm X." At the very end of the movie, he plays a teacher reciting Malcolm X's famous speech to a room full of Soweto school kids. But the pacifist Mandela wouldn't say "by any means necessary." So Lee cut back to footage of Malcolm X to close out the film. 3. There's a woodpecker named after him: From Cape Town to California, streets named after Mandela abound. But he's also been the subject of some rather unusual tributes. Last year, scientists named a prehistoric woodpecker after him: Australopicus nelsonmandelai. In 1973, the physics institute at Leeds University named a nuclear particle the 'Mandela particle.' 4. He married a first lady: Before tying the knot with Mandela on his 80th birthday, Graca Machel was married to Mozambique President Samora Machel. Her marriage to Mandela after her husband's death means she has been the first lady of two nations. 5. He was a master of disguise: When Mandela was eluding authorities during his fight against apartheid, he disguised himself in various ways, including as a chauffeur. The press nicknamed him "the Black Pimpernel" because of his police evasion tactics. "I became a creature of the night. I would keep to my hideout during the day, and would emerge to do my work when it became dark," he says in his biography, "Long Walk to Freedom." 6. A bloody sport intrigued him: Besides politics, Mandela's other passion was boxing. "I did not like the violence of boxing. I was more interested in the science of it - how you move your body to protect yourself, how you use a plan to attack and retreat, and how you pace yourself through a fight," he says in his biography. 7. His favorite dish is probably not yours: He's been wined and dined by world leaders. But what Mandela loved eating most was tripe. Yup, the stomach lining of farm animals. 8. He quit his day job: He studied law at the University of Witwatersrand in Johannesburg and opened the nation's first black law firm in the city in 1952. 9. He was on the U.S. terror watch list: Mandela wasn't removed from the U.S. terror watch list until 2008 -- at age 89. He and other members of the African National Congress were placed on it because of their militant fight against apartheid. 10. He drew his inspiration from a poem: While he was in prison, Mandela would read William Ernest Henley's "Invictus" to fellow prisoners. The poem, about never giving up, resonated with Mandela for its lines "I am the master of my fate. I am the captain of my soul." You may know it from the movie by the same name starring Morgan Freeman as Mandela.When Jose Mourinho answered a question about the new £5billion television contract on Wednesday evening, spontaneous applause broke out in the room from a group of Chelsea fans listening in. ‘When I was living in Italy and Spain I was paying about £200 a month to have the Premier League at my house,’ he said. ‘I think the Premier League is better when I am here.’ He really believes that stuff and so do his legions of supporters. Jose Mourinho and his Chelsea backroom team celebrate the late winner against Everton on Wednesday . Mourinho embraces Branislav Ivanovic after Chelsea's Premier League victory at Stamford Bridge . Mourinho speaks to the media at the post-match press conference on Wednesday night . Sportsmail's team of reporters discuss whether Jose Mourinho's off-the-field antics are starting to harm his and the Premier League's reputations. Click HERE to read. With that razor-sharp quip he walked out, heading back towards the manager’s office at Stamford Bridge to discuss with members of his backroom team the mayhem that occurred on the pitch in the 88th minute. On Thursday night, when the FA announced that Branislav Ivanovic had escaped punishment for throttling Everton substitute James McCarthy and then laying his forehead on him, it was regarded by the club as a major victory. They ignored the rationale, the television pictures that clearly showed referee Jonathan Moss on the scene when Ivanovic grabbed McCarthy round the neck after Gareth Barry had nobbled Willian. The TV images showing Ivanovic’s head make contact with McCarthy’s left ear were inconclusive, according to a panel of three former referees. Because of that, Ivanovic has got off scot-free. This literally is a fight for the title, with Chelsea happy to antagonise the FA, the opposition, officials, TV companies and the rest of the media with this increasingly odd behaviour. Mourinho has everybody on the run and on Thursday it was the turn of the FA to produce a series of statistics in an attempt to disprove his theory that a campaign has been started to destabilise Chelsea. Since 2005, Arsenal, Manchester City and Newcastle United have been charged six times by the FA for incidents that were not seen by the match official. Manchester United, Stoke City and Chelsea have been charged four times. The idea that there is a vendetta is a myth. Ivanovic (centre left) grabs Everton midfielder James McCarthy in a headlock as tempers fray . Ivanovic (third right) appears to aim a headbutt in the direction of McCarthy on Wednesday . Ivanovic also clashes with Everton's John Stones in the closing stages of the Premier League match . Diego Costa (right) celebrates wildly after the final whistle is blown at Stamford Bridge . Mourinho (left) and assistant coach Steve Holland get animated against Everton on Wednesday night . Still, given Mourinho’s consistent claims about the injustices in the game, it would certainly help if the FA publicly clarified the position surrounding off-the-ball incidents. Confusion reigns. When he was questioned about Gary Cahill’s off-the-ball kick in the back of Harry Kane at White Hart Lane on New Year’s Day, Mourinho responded with a query about Raheem Sterling’s escape for raising his hands to Swansea defender Federico Fernandez. On Tuesday, Mourinho highlighted the FA’s failure to take any action against an unnamed player (Robin van Persie) for the glance at James Tomkins before the Manchester United man elbowed him at Upton Park on Sunday. From time to time, the Chelsea manager tosses in Arsene Wenger’s shove on him at Stamford Bridge on October 5, for which the Arsenal manager went unpunished. The memory plays tricks sometimes and Mourinho’s acolytes have forgotten how miserable life was in the weeks and months before he was sacked by Roman Abramovich in 2007 after drawing 1-1 with Rosenborg. We are close to revisiting that era, returning to a period when English football had earned a rest from the Chelsea manager. Mourinho (right) and Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger during a match at Stamford Bridge last October . Mourinho (left) celebrates wildly after Chelsea beat Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium last year . Seven years on they brought him back and just over a year into his five-year deal, nothing has changed. It is a sad day when the normally mild-mannered Chelsea assistant manager Steve Holland is seen haranguing the fourth official, as he did repeatedly on Wednesday. With coaching assistant Rui Faria, who fell to his knees and then grasped colleague Silvino Louro in a bearhug after Willian’s dramatic 89th-minute winner, it is to be expected. Now Holland is at it as well. In recent weeks, Chelsea’s technical area has become like the Dog & Duck at chucking out time. Someone needs to call time on it. What happened to winning with dignity or showing a bit of class? What a shame because Chelsea have a brilliant team, seven points clear of Manchester City in the Barclays Premier League and hurtling towards the title. At this rate it is in danger of being tainted. Willian (centre) celebrates with his team-mates after scoring a late winner for Chelsea against Everton . Mourinho argues with a Crystal Palace ball boy during his side's 1-0 defeat at Selhurst Park last season . Mourinho keeps the ball away from Steven Gerrard during Chelsea's 2-0 win over Liverpool last season . Why should English football accept this yobbish, boorish behaviour on the touchline from one of the world’s super coaches and his increasingly aggressive assistants? With the exception of Abramovich, there is no one on the Chelsea staff who is prepared to tell Mourinho to fall into line. There is no question who runs the show there. Not only that, he is being allowed to run rings around English football.(CNN) -- When it comes to India travel, the state of Punjab, which borders Pakistan, doesn't make it to the top of that many itineraries. That's good news for intrepid travelers. From temples so gold they'll make your eyes water, to food you'll be longing for days after it hits your lips, Punjab is India at its colorful, lively best. 1. Harmandir Sahib (Golden Temple) Located in Amritsar, the holiest shrine of the Sikh religion, Harmandir Sahib (Golden Temple), is Punjab's top attraction. Reflections of its gold-encrusted dome shimmer in the clear water of the Amrit Sarovar (Pool of Nectar), which greets those who enter from the north gate, the most impressive of all four entries. To take it all in, it's best to simply walk around the marble pathway surrounding the pool. Its waters are said to have healing powers. Devotional music, bathing pilgrims, golden carps and meditating devotees add to the atmosphere. Worth keeping in mind: There's a long line to visit the inner sanctum (Darbar Sahib), where the holy book of the Sikhs, "Guru Granth Sahib," is kept. Visits are best scheduled for the late afternoon and early evening; every night the temple complex is illuminated. Simply stunning. You can end the day at the temple's langar (canteen). The scale of its free meal, put on daily by volunteers, is impressive, with 50,000 meals served each day, according to temple officials. The Golden Temple, Golden Temple Road, Amritsar, Punjab; +91 183 255 3957; open daily, 6 a.m.-2 a.m. 2. Punjabi eats . The city of Amritsar has a rich culinary heritage. Building a big enough appetite to give it the attention it deserves is a challenge. From melt-in-mouth chicken tikka to cream-laden, extra-large tumblers of yogurt lassi, Amritsar is an Indian food lover's dream destination. The best way to get a balanced taste is to start in Kesar Da Dhaba. Hidden in the twisting lanes of the old part of the city, it's reached only by foot, cycle rickshaw or bicycle. Founded in 1916, the restaurant is particularly popular with vegetarians. There's crispy butter-smeared tandoori bread; the house specialty, daal makhani, comes with a thick layer of ghee. At Makhan Fish and Chicken Corner, fried singhara (catfish) fillets are a must-try. They're coated in chickpea flour and caraway seeds then cooked. Perfect with cold beer. The creamiest and freshest yogurt lassi in Amritsar is at Surjan Singh Milk Bhandar; the thick drink is a mini-meal in itself. Kesar da Dhaba, Chowk Passian; +91 183 255 2103 . Makhan Fish & Chicken Corner; 21A, Majitha Road, near Maddan Hospital; +91 98 1519 3241 . Surjan Singh Milk Bhandar, Chowk Regent Cinema, GT Road . 3. Border face off . One of Punjab's most interesting rituals is the lowering of the flags ceremony, held at India's Wagah border each evening before sunset. Wagah is about 25 kilometers from the Pakistani city of Lahore. Indian guards in red and gold turbans march out to meet their Pakistani counterparts in a choreographed affair greeted with loud applause from onlookers. It's a splendid show of patriotism, pomp and panache. To secure good seats, it's best to get there by midafternoon or arrange for a VIP pass from the Border Security Force station. For security reasons, bags and backpacks aren't allowed. The border is 30 kilometers from Amritsar and takes about 45 minutes to reach by car. 4. Punjabiyat Lodge . Punjabiyat Lodge doesn't conjure quintessential images of India. Instead what you get here are feather-light beds with unobstructed views of green fields as far as the eye can see. The nature retreat in Punjab's agricultural heartland is a great place to de-stress through simple rural experiences. Visitors can lend a helping hand to farmers, cycle around the village, milk cattle or take a tractor ride. Rooms are luxurious but eco-friendly. Guests get a sense of remoteness and privacy; there are only four cottages, all set in a wheat field. Meals are a pleasure. Breakfast is served near the fields, lunch under the shade of sprawling trees and dinner on a terrace under a canopy of stars. Most meals are made with ingredients grown on the lodge's farm, says Punjabiyat manager Jagdeep Singh. Punjabiyat Lodge is in the village of Saidowal-Gunopur, about 75 kilometers from Amritsar; +91 981 870 5508 . 5. Sarai Amanat Khan . A scenic 45-minute drive from Amritsar, Sarai Amanat Khan is an old, crumbling caravanserai (roadside inn). Built by Mughals in 1640, it's a fantastic remnant of ancient architecture. It once served travelers on the Agra-to-Lahore trade route and was a prosperous pit stop back in the day. These days, the historic ruins only hint at its glorious past. Photogenic features of the complex include an arched entry, fading calligraphy, Persian tiles, eroding walls and a mosque. Amanat Khan, the inn's namesake, is believed to be the same guy who etched the calligraphy on the Taj Mahal in Agra. It's a great day trip from Amritsar. 6. Ranjit's Svaasa hotel . There are few better ways to end a wild day in Amritsar than climbing into one of the plush beds at the 200-year-old Ranjit's Svaasa hotel. Abhimanyu and his partner, Gayatri, are the gracious hosts of this charming, well-hidden retreat. The owners are seventh-generation members of the Punjabi Mehra clan, says general manager Deepak Biala. Corridors are dotted with family portraits, antique furniture and curios collected over their many travels. Secluded terraces and lounging spaces are spread throughout the property. The Rattan Chand and Dev Chand suites each come with a marble bathtub and a sitting area framed by large windows. Guest can learn to whip up a traditional Punjabi meal or hit the spa for an innovative wine-and-sugar scrub or face treatment with turmeric, sandalwood and organic rose water. Ranjit's Svaasa, 47A Mall Road, Amritsar; +91 183 256 6618; rooms from RS 6,500 ($108)(CNN) -- Three Delaware day care workers were arrested after police got hold of a "disturbing" and "shocking" cell phone video that, authorities say, shows two toddlers taking part in a fight the workers had organized. Police said Tuesday that they arrested Tiana Harris, 19; Estefania Myers, 21; and Lisa Parker, 47, who have been charged with assault, reckless endangerment, endangering the welfare of a child and conspiracy. On Saturday, authorities responded to an unrelated incident and a person whom police would not identify showed them video of the 3-year-old boys fighting in March. The toddlers were not seriously injured, but they were "clearly hurting each other," said Dover Police Capt. Tim Stump. Authorities have not released the video but say one day care worker said "No pinching, only punching" after one of the boys complained that the other had pinched him. The video purportedly shows seven other children seated in the room with their backs to the fighting, according to police. "It's not like they didn't know what was going on, and they were just encouraging them to continue," Stump said. "One of the children attempted to run, but one of the teachers pushes him back into the fray. "We are looking into the possibility that this was not the first time it happened, but it appears to be isolated, and it seems the administration was in the dark about this," he added. Police made the arrests Monday and addressed the incident that evening with parents and guardians of the children who attended the day care center. A spokesman for the state Division of Family Services said the agency dispatched an institutional abuse investigator to work with Dover police during their investigation. "Depending on our findings, these women could be prohibited from working in the public sector, especially with children or senior citizens," agency spokesman Joseph Smack said, adding that all three women had passed background checks before their employment at the center. "It's rare to see a case like this where the staff encouraged this type of behavior," Smack said. Calls to the day care center were not returned, though police say the company's business license has been suspended. The three suspects and their attorneys could not be immediately reached for comment. Police said the women have posted $10,000 bail and are awaiting trial. More from CNN Justice . U.S. Open tennis ref charged with killing husband . More body parts found in Toronto area . Woman held captive in basement sues city . Medical examiner rules death of handcuffed suspect a suicide .By . Tamara Cohen . Fixed Odds Betting Terminals allow users to spend up to £100 a go and are blamed for a rise in gambling . Betting machines dubbed the ‘crack cocaine of gambling’ could spread to arcades and service stations as part of proposals from the amusement industry. Ministers are under pressure to allow the machines – which are currently only allowed in betting shops – to be more widespread. Fixed Odds Betting Terminals (FOBTs) are casino-style games which allow users to spend up to £100 a spin and are blamed for a worrying rise in problem gambling. They generate more than half of bookmakers’ profits. However they have been subject to greater restrictions since April, when new rules meant anyone wanting to spend over £50 must inform staff. Now BACTA, which represents the British amusement industry, is lobbying to be allowed to host the machines. In a letter to MPs and peers, the trade body says if the Government has not cracked down on the terminals, then they should be allowed in ‘any regulated adult-only gambling establishment’. It adds that it is ‘unfair’ to let betting shops reap all the benefits from the profitable machines. ‘The current situation... makes no sense and gives the bookmakers an unfair advantage,’ BACTA says. ‘If the Government deems [£50] a safe limit for bookmakers there is no reason that it is not safe for everybody.’ Campaigners say the amusement industry would have a strong case on competition grounds. There are around 33,000 FOBTs in the UK, but Adrian Parkinson, of the Campaign for Fairer Gambling, said this move could add another 8,000. Ministers are under pressure to allow the machines – which are currently only allowed in betting shops – to be more widespread across the UK after BACTA started lobbying for them to feature in the amusement industry . ‘How can the Government say, ‘No’ when they are saying to bookies that it is OK to have them?’ he said. BACTA confirmed its position but did not wish to comment further. A spokesman from the Department for Culture Media and Sport said: ‘The rules around where FOBTs can be based are very clear and they will not be moving into other areas.’By . Cindy Tran for Daily Mail Australia . and Aap . Members of feminist punk band Pussy Riot have compared Australia’s asylum seeker policy to the Russian prisoner conditions at Sydney's Festival of Dangerous Ideas on Saturday night. Masha Alyokhina and Nadya Tolokonnikova opened their panel discussion at the Sydney Opera House, by addressing a proposal made by Australian activists that the pair boycott the festival, the Guardian reports. 'We were surprised by the problems here, such as detention camps, which are similar to what is happening in Russia,' Tolokonnikova told an audience in Sydney. Masha Alyokhina and Nadya Tolokonnikova opened their panel discussion at Sydney's Festival of Dangerous Ideas . The pair met activists on Friday night to discuss the calls for them to boycott the festival over links between its co-organisers at the St James Ethics Centre and the federal government's asylum seeker strategy. Instead of refusing to attend, the pair said that speaking at the festival would hopefully draw attention to the topic. The members also called on Australia to withdraw its invitation to President Vladimir Putin to attend this year's G20 summit. Members of a feminist punk band Pussy Riot have compared Australia's asylum seeker policy to the Russian prisoner conditions . Alyokhina and Tolokonnikova were both sentenced to two years in jail after staging a protest performance in a Moscow cathedral in 2012 . 'We think that this person has no place at the G20,' Alyokhina said. When Prime Minister Tony Abbott addressed calls for Putin to be excluded from the G20 on Friday, he said it was weighing on his mind. 'It's not a decision which Australia really has a right to make unilaterally,' he told reporters. Alyokhina and Tolokonnikova were both sentenced to two years in jail and were released from prison in December 2013 after staging a protest performance in a Moscow cathedral in 2012. But the women said the situation in Russia was so repressive they would not be able to repeat their cathedral performance. Since their imprisonment, both women have campaigned to defend the rights of prisoners. Members of the all-girl punk band Pussy Riot - Nadezhda Tolokonnikova, Maria Alyokhina and Yekaterina Samutsevich sit in a glass-walled cage during a court hearing in Moscow in August 2012 . Nadezhda Tolokonnikova of Russian punk group Pussy Riot walks in front of the cathedral of Christ of Savior in Moscow in December 2013 .Queens Park Rangers are talking to Blackpool midfielder Tom Ince. Hull manager Steve Bruce has also spoken to the England U21 international and Stoke are interested as well. The 22-year-old spent the second half of last season on loan at Crystal Palace and has targeted a move back to the Premier League having rejected a possible move to Inter Milan. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Tom Ince receive a mysterious package . In demand: Tom Ince rejected Inter Milan move as he wants to play in the Premier League . Should Ince move to another club in England, then Blackpool would be entitled to compensation as he is under 23. Blackpool believe they could command £8m owing to the fact Palace paid a £1.5m loan fee in January. Ince has talked with Harry Redknapp's club but any pending transfer tribunal fee may have a bearing on his final destination. Close bond: Tom receives instructions from his dad Paul Ince during his time as manager of Blackpool . Play-off winners: Harry Redknapp helped QPR make a return to the Premier League .Scathing: A report says Cliff Richard had his privacy violated during the police raid on his home . Sir Cliff Richard had his privacy violated after a secret deal between police and the BBC to film a raid on his house, a report says. The horrified pop star was left ‘unnecessarily distressed’ after learning police had swooped on his £3.5million home in Berkshire over a sex assault allegation dating from 1985 only when he saw it on TV while in Portugal. Images were beamed live around the world last August from a camera filming from a helicopter. Now a previously unpublished report says the deal between the BBC and the police should never have been done – suggesting Sir Cliff should not have been publicly humiliated in this way. It brands senior officials at South Yorkshire Police incompetent and calls the BBC dishonest for its explanation of how it came to know about the raid. After a BBC reporter approached the force, police chiefs allowed a reporting team including a camera crew to show officers searching the star’s home. The coverage caused a major row, and the findings by independent investigator and former chief constable Andy Trotter will reignite the controversy. Sir Cliff has not been arrested or charged. But many viewers said the BBC coverage made the 74-year-old singer look guilty. The damning report – released to the Daily Mail under the Freedom of Information Act – concludes: . Mr Trotter says: ‘People have seen a search of Sir Cliff Richard’s apartment unfold on television with details of a serious allegation put into the public domain prior to him being interviewed by the police. Scroll down for video . Coverage: BBC reporter David Sillito outside Sir Cliff's home. His colleague Dan Johnson (not pictured) was invited in for a meeting with senior figures at South Yorkshire Police . Consequence: The deal struck between the force and the BBC led to detailed coverage of the raid on the complex where Sir Cliff had a flat in Sunningdale, Berkshire (pictured), including a news helicopter . The search and the nature of the allegation... certainly interfered with his privacy and may well have caused unnecessary distress.’ He concludes that had the force refused to co-operate, the BBC would probably never have run the story. Although the BBC reporter, Dan Johnson, was not interviewed, Mr Trotter decided the corporation had not been fully open about how it came to hear about the allegation against Sir Cliff. The BBC claim – that Mr Johnson had persuaded South Yorkshire Police to agree the deal when all he knew was the name of the celebrity suspect – was ‘not one I believe to be credible’, Mr Trotter said. Evidence supported the police account that Mr Johnson had detailed knowledge and ‘knew as much’ as police did when he made contact. The BBC has never revealed the source of the original information. Up close: The footage of the raid showed several investigators entering and had images inside the house . News event: But Sir Cliff, who maintains his innocence, has not been arrested or charged over the claim . Sir Cliff has called the allegation that he sexually assaulted a boy under the age of 16 in 1985 ‘completely false’. He was interviewed by police under caution and, more than six months on, inquiries are on-going. Mr Trotter was asked to investigate police handling of the raid by police and crime commissioner Shaun Wright. Analysis reveals the BBC journalist contacted the force’s communications director Carrie Goodwin on July 14 after an alleged leak from Operation Yewtree, the inquiry into abuse claims involving Jimmy Savile. A meeting was held the next day with Mr Johnson and Detective Superintendent Matt Fenwick, who agreed to tell him the date and location of the raid in exchange for him holding the story until that day to protect the investigation. The chief constable was also informed of the agreement. Mr Trotter said Miss Goodwin should not have arranged the meeting with Mr Fenwick, not have confirmed any information about the inquiry to the BBC reporter and not have agreed to notify him of the search. Mr Fenwick should have refused to meet or disclose any details to the BBC. And Chief Constable David Crompton ‘could have rescinded the agreement’. A South Yorkshire Police spokesman said: ‘While we believe our actions in relation to dealing with the media were within policy and were well intended, they were ultimately flawed and we regret the additional anxiety which was caused to Sir Cliff Richard.’ The BBC was not directly involved in Mr Trotter’s review. A spokesman said: ‘The home affairs committee has already endorsed the way the BBC handled this story. We have nothing further to add.’ A spokesman for Sir Cliff said he would not comment.Driving tests should have a distinction grade to improve road safety, a Tory minister has said. Skills minister Matthew Hancock said it is wrong that would-be drivers can only pass or fail. He said that if there was a higher level to aspire to, insurance firms would be able to offer cheaper premiums to the best drivers – which could make the country’s roads safer. Test: Almost a quarter of the road accidents resulting in death or serious injury last year involved a driver under 24. That age group is roughly four times more likely to be involved in a serious accident (file picture) It comes after the Government said it was considering raising the driving age to 18 – from the current 17 – in a attempt to reduce the number of fatal accidents. Youths could be forced to wait until they are 19 before they qualify for a full licence, and all motorists under 30 could be banned from giving their friends a lift or driving at night for 12 months after they pass their test. Almost a quarter of the road accidents resulting in death or serious injury last year involved a driver under 24. That age group is roughly four times more likely to be involved in a serious accident. Mr Hancock, who is Conservative MP for West Suffolk, made his suggestion at a car factory in Oxford last week, at an event where apprentices met David Cameron. ‘One of the things that’s in the . implementation platform is that every apprenticeship in the future will . have a pass, fail or distinction,’ he said. Fifteen minors allowed: Currently, learner drivers are given some indication of how they fared by seeing their report card at the end of the test, on which their minor or major faults are marked (file picture) ‘I’m personally very committed to this. People say ... you can be a perfectly good bricklayer or you can be brilliant. Parents who park illegally when dropping off or picking up their children from school could soon find themselves caught on camera. The cameras, which are timed to switch on during the morning and afternoon school run, spot those who stop in restricted zones. The surveillance system records footage of the number plate and no-parking sign and sends it to councils, which can then use it to issue fines of up to £120. Five councils in London and at least two others outside the capital are testing the system, which costs £16,000. Manufacturer Videalert refused to say which they were. Actor Tom Conti, 71, who drops his grandchild off at school in London, compared the camera system to surveillance by the Stasi. He said: ‘The councils are doing this for revenue. To target parents is frankly disgusting.’ ‘People say the driving test is just pass or fail. But actually if we had a distinction on the driving test, maybe those people could get lower premiums and be safer drivers.’ Currently, learner drivers are given some indication of how they fared by seeing their report card at the end of the test, on which their minor or major faults are marked. Up to 15 minors are allowed before they will be failed. Sources at the Department for Business and Skills said it was not official Government policy to have a distinction level, but that it was an idea Mr Hancock was in favour of. He is particularly close to Chancellor George Osborne, meaning his thoughts are discussed at the highest levels. Last night Edmund King, president of the AA, said the idea was ‘interesting’ and could help make roads safer. He said the distinction pass could be reserved for those who excelled in their tests and completed advanced lessons. ‘Young drivers are not ready for Britain’s roads after passing their tests,’ he said. ‘They are ten times more likely to have an accident in the first year after passing their test. ‘The idea of having a distinction is interesting. If a new driver has completed lessons on motorways and driving at night and excelled at their test they could get a lower insurance premium.’By . Daily Mail Reporter and Associated Press . PUBLISHED: . 16:17 EST, 18 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 16:34 EST, 18 March 2013 . A lawyer for a woman who says Michael Jordan fathered her teenage son has withdrawn her paternity suit, but left open the possibility that it could be refiled. Pamela Smith 'stands by the facts alleged in her original filing,' Atlanta attorney Randall Kessler told The Associated Press today. Kessler said the lawsuit was withdrawn on Friday without prejudice, meaning it can be refiled. Scroll down for video . Claim: Pamela Smith, left, has withdrawn her paternity case against basketball legend Michael Jordan, right . 'Father and son': Mr Jordan with Taj, who claims to be the son of the former sports star . Smith filed the suit herself last month against Jordan and asked that the basketball hall of famer take a paternity test and pay child support. She later hired Kessler's firm. Jordan has denied that he's the father of Smith's 16-year-old son. A lawyer for the majority owner of the NBA's Charlotte Bobcats has said Smith's divorce filings established her ex-husband as the father. Jordan's spokeswoman Estee Portnoy on Monday confirmed that Smith dismissed the paternity suit. Portnoy said there was no settlement or money paid to Smith. She said the lawsuit had no merit. Sued: Jordan, pictured watching his Charlotte Bobcats, was embroiled in a paternity case, which has now been withdrawn . Kessler previously said the ex-husband hasn't paid child support or been involved in the teen's life. Smith 'began this case without an attorney and did her best to file what she believed to be a legally appropriate case,' Kessler said in a statement. 'She then hired our firm just before the first court appearance. Ms. Smith has relied on our advice and determined that dismissal at this time, without prejudice, is in her son's best interests.' The . teen, who uses the surname Jordan, has in the past taken to the . internet to insist that the former Chicago Bulls star is his father. According to TMZ, the woman was . hesitant to bring Jordan's name through the mud but her teenage son . begged his mother do everything she could to get Jordan to acknowledge . that the boy was his son. Heyday: The basketball legend is seen playing for the Chicago Bulls during his heyday in 1988 . Video: The teenager has taken to YouTube to insist that his father is the famous athlete . Affection: Taj, an aspiring rapper based in Georgia, is pictured with his mother . Jordan is scheduled is marry fiancée Yvette Prieto next month . The star remains one of the most . recognized sports figures in the world nearly 10 years after his . retirement from the NBA and is considered by many to be the greatest basketball player of all time. He was a 14-time NBA all-star, won six championships with the Chicago Bulls and was named the finals MVP six times. On March 17, 2010, the NBA Board of . Governors unanimously approved Jordan's purchase of the Bobcats, making . him the first former NBA player ever to become the majority owner of a . league franchise. This is not the first time he has been . the subject of a paternity suit - in 1991, his former lover Karla Knafel . claimed the star was the father of her child, but a DNA test proved . that this was not the case. Appeal: Taj has said he wants Mr Jordan to be more involved with his life . Engaged: Jordan is pictured with his fiancée Yvette Prieto, whom he is set to marry next month . Watch the video of Taj claiming to be Michael Jordan's son .She did it – and this time, that’s a good thing. Lindsay Lohan worked like crazy and completed 115 hours of community service in Brooklyn to meet her Thursday deadline and avoid jail, a source confirmed to the Daily News. “She finished last night or today,” the well-placed source said Wednesday. And while the prosecutor on her case contested a prior batch of hours served overseas in London, Santa Monica City Attorney Terry White said Wednesday that he plans to accept the new Brooklyn hours when they’re presented at a Los Angeles hearing Thursday morning. “It does appear that Ms. Lohan has completed her community service hours, and at this point I am not anticipating any sort of challenge to the hours,” White told The News Wednesday. MORE: LINDSAY LOHAN MAY FLEE TO MONACO TO AVOID JAIL TIME IF COMMUNITY SERVICE HOURS AREN'T COMPLETED BY DEADLINE: REPORT It was three weeks ago on May 7 that a Los Angeles County Superior Court judge said Lohan could race to Brooklyn from her new home in London and try to complete 115 hours of service with the charity group Brooklyn Community Services (BCS) by a May 28 deadline. He warned that the deadline was firm, and jail was on the table. Lindsay Lohan serving her community service hours. (Melissa Russo/NBC 4 New York) “She’s had three years to take care of this. If it’s not done by May 28, there will be consequences,” Judge Mark A. Young said. MORE: LINDSAY LOHAN MISSES FIRST DAY OF COMMUNITY SERVICE STINT AT BROOKLYN PRESCHOOL Lohan, 28, got off to a rocky start, missing her first day at BCS’s Duffield Children’s Center in Fort Greene on May 12. But she started the next morning and powered through back-to-back full-day shifts at the daycare center, a women’s shelter in East New York and possibly other BCS groups. Her lawyer Shawn Holley is expected to appear on her behalf and submit the proof of service Thursday. If the judge signs off, Lohan could wrap up her 2012 reckless driving case and be off probation for the first time since her conviction for back-to-back DUIs in 2007. The “Mean Girls” actress originally was ordered to complete 240 hours of community service by last November to satisfy probation for her June 2012 car crash on the Pacific Coast Highway in Santa Monica. She scored an extension when a judge agreed to give her more time as she acted in a London production of the David Mamet play “Speed the Plow" late last year. Hard work pays off. Thank you to all those that allowed me to volunteer while in nyc. God bless you… https://t.co/tQtHIf9vzn — Lindsay Lohan (@lindsaylohan) May 27, 2015 Lohan later rushed to meet the extended deadline in January and thought she made the cut until prosecutors objected. White questioned how Lohan was able to complete 10 hours on Jan. 19 considering she went to an emergency room that day for treatment of a mosquito-borne virus she purportedly picked up in Bora Bora. “(A) note says she received acute care for three days, but on those three days, again, 10 hours were served,” he said with exasperation in late January. “I’m having trouble not only with the quality of the work but whether or not the work was actually done,” he told the judge. She agreed to serve 125 hours by May 28 to settle the dispute and had 115 to go as of her last hearing. Lohan’s service with BCS appeared to go well with parents offering their support and the former child star keeping a low profile. ndillon@nydailynews.com ||||| Focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow (as opposed to broad or wide) web crawls, often focused on a single domain or subdomain. |||||A man who bit a dog during an altercation outside a corner shop later ran inside and died from a suspected heart attack after 'being restrained', it has emerged. The man, who is in his forties, bit the dog – believed to be a Staffordshire bull terrier – during a dispute with a 45-year-old man in Cambridge. He then ran into a nearby One Stop convenience shop, reportedly in his socks, and died a short time later, after allegedly being held by four men. The man, in his forties, bit the dog - believed to be a Staffordshire bull terrier - during a dispute with a 45-year-old man outside a One Stop shop (pictured) in Cambridge. He later died of a suspected heart attack inside . Police and paramedics were called to the store following the incident at about 6.30am on Monday, having received reports of a man in cardiac arrest. The man, who is believed to live in the area but has not yet been formally identified, was pronounced dead a short time later. A post mortem examination to determine his cause of death proved inconclusive, police said. Further tests will now be carried out at Peterborough City Hospital, including a toxicology test. Four men, aged 40, 44, 69, and 50, from Cambridgeshire, were arrested on suspicion of manslaughter following his death. They have since been released on bail until February 11. A 45-year-old man, who was allegedly involved in the original dispute outside the shop, was arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm but has since been released without charge. Police said no further action would be taken. Witnesses to the incident described seeing two men 'shouting and struggling' in the street, prior to the man's death. Samantha Lander, a resident on Dudley Road, told Cambridge News that she was awoken by the sound of shouting and looked out of the window to see a struggle, which appeared to involve a dog that looked like a Staffordshire bull terrier. It is believed the man who died had run off into the shop following the dispute and was being restrained by four men in the store when he became unwell. East of England Ambulance Service confirmed a rapid response car, ambulance and an air ambulance were sent to the scene after receiving reports of a man having a cardiac arrest. A spokesman said: 'We were called at 6.51am on Monday and were on scene in seven minutes. 'Unfortunately despite the best efforts of everyone involved a male patient sadly died at the scene.' The spokesman confirmed paramedics performed CPR on the patient. Police said they received reports that the man had bit a dog outside the convenience store in Cambridge (pictured) during the dispute and later ran off into the store, where he passed away a short time later . Cambridgeshire Constabulary said the man's death was being treated as 'unexplained' but confirmed it was not deemed to be suspicious. A spokesman said: 'The death of a man on December 15 in Cambridge is being treated as unexplained by police. 'The man, who is in his 40s and from Cambridge, died after police were called to an incident at a premises in Ditton Lane at just after 6.30am. 'A post mortem has proved inconclusive and further tests will have to be carried out. 'There was an altercation outside the shop. We know this involved the man who died and a 45-year-old man. 'The man who died bit the dog belonging to the 45-year-old man, who was arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm and has now been released with no further action. 'Four men arrested on suspicion of manslaughter following the death have been released on police bail.' The One Stop shop was closed for some time following the incident, but it was reopened at 7am today. A spokesman said: 'We are aware of an incident at our store in Ditton Lane, Cambridge. We are helping the police with their investigation.'By . Louise Boyle . PUBLISHED: . 07:24 EST, 20 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:24 EST, 20 June 2013 . New Jersey locals mourned the loss of actor James Gandolfini on Wednesday as the fictional hang-outs of his beloved character Tony Soprano were flooded with visitors paying their respects. Fans flocked to the New Jersey ice cream parlor where the final Sopranos scene was filmed to pay tribute to Gandolfini, described as 'a regular Jersey guy' and 'a member of the family'. The owner of Holsten's ice cream parlor, in Bloomfield, placed a 'Reserved' sign at the booth where Tony Soprano enjoys a bowl of onion rings with his family before the screen cuts to black. Fans swarmed to the diner when the news of Gandolfini's death broke on Wednesday night. Holsten's co-owner Chris Carley called Gandolfini 'a very kind gentleman and a larger-than-life character'. Scroll down for video . Sad goodbye: Satin Dolls strip club in New Jersey, which doubled as the Bada Bing Club in cult show The Sopranos, said the death of James Gandolfini was 'losing a member of the family' Saved for a special friend: A newspaper and bouquet of flowers adorn a booth in Holsten's Ice Cream Shop, the location where the final scene of The Sopranos was filmed in Bloomfield, New Jersey . So long, boss: A makeshift memorial to actor James Gandolfini is displayed at Satin Dolls, the gentleman's club known as the Bada Bing Club in the show . Honored: Holsten's Ice Cream Parlor said that Gandolfini had been a 'true gentleman' and 'larger-than-life character' who made time for everyone . Mr Carley told MailOnline:'He was a great actor and he portrayed the character of Tony Soprano to a tee. 'When he was not on camera, he was very generous and giving, always doing pictures and autographs.' He said that people started coming into the store around 7pm when word of Gandolfini's sudden death got around. He . said that his business has greatly benefited from being attached to the . cult of the Sopranos. He said a lot of fans ask him what really . happened when the screen cuts to black, adding: 'Like I know!' Mr . Carley said that Holsten's would be keeping the Reserved sign on Tony . Soprano's table 'for a while' out of respect for the late Gandolfini. Tribute: A reserved sign sits on the booth where the last show of the HBO series 'The Sopranos' was filmed at Holsten's ice cream parlor in Bloomfield, New Jersey, in honor of James Gandolfini . Busy: 'Holsten's packed after news James Gandolfini died,' News 12 reporter John Klekamp wrote . Popular: The owners of Holsten's said fans of the show came along to the restaurant to see the booth . The 51-year-old actor died after a suspected heart attack in Rome on Wednesday. The . Sopranos star had been holidaying with his son Michael, wife Deborah . and nine-month-old daughter Liliana ahead of the 59th Taormina Film . Festival in Sicily. Gandolfini suffered a heart attack in . his hotel after a day out in Rome with his family, and died in hospital . when doctors were unable to resuscitate him. Jersey boy: Tony Soprano was a regular at the fictional Bada Bing Club, the real-life Satin Dolls in New Jersey . In mourning: The owner of Satin Dolls strip club, which doubles as the Bada Bing club in The Sopranos, said he was numb at the news of Gandolfini's death . His co-star Joseph Gannascoli, who plays Vito Spatafore in the show, told MailOnline that Gandolfini was a 'tremendous person'. An emotional Gannascoli said: 'He came to my wedding with his son and spoke beautiful words in front of everyone to me and my wife.' He said that the greatest tragedy was that Gandolfini's son and daughter would grow up without their father. The actor said that Gandolfini was a generous guy with no airs about him who made everyone feel comfortable. Grief: Joseph Gannascoli (seated center) pictured with co-stars James Gandolfini and Michael Imperioli. Gannascoli, who played Vito Spatafore in The Sopranos, called the late Gandolfini a 'tremendous person' He told of a time that Gandolfini had been scheduled to make an appearance at his Brooklyn restaurant and despite being ill and it pouring with rain, he took pictures with everyone in a line of people who had queued around the block. The manager of Satin Dolls strip . club, another favorite hang-out of Tony Soprano which features in the . show as Bada Bing Club, said he was numb at the death of Gandolfini, who . he called a 'member of the family'. Bill Peppe told MailOnline: 'He was very accessible, he always took time for fans.' Scene: James Gandolfini, as Tony Soprano, Edie Falco and Robert Iler sit in the booth in the final episode . Fans: People walk out of Holsten's ice cream parlor on Wednesday evening, after news of the actor's death . Missed: Chris Carley, owner of Holsten's ice cream parlor, called Gandolfini 'just a really nice guy' He said that he found out the news of Gandolfini's death last night around 6pm and his phone had been ringing non-stop ever since and that many people had come to the club. He added: 'People are doing the right thing and coming out to pay their respects. 'He was just a regular Jersey guy, like the governor said.' The owner said that Satin Dolls was planning a tribute to the star. New Jersey governor Chris Christie added that the actor’s death was an 'awful shock'. 'James . Gandolfini was a fine actor, a Rutgers alum and a true Jersey guy,' he . said. 'I was a huge fan of his and the character he played so . authentically, Tony Soprano.' On Location, which runs a bus tour around The Sopranos' famous locations, said that they had seen a spike in sales on Wednesday night following the sad news of Gandolfini's death. Marc Baron, who played several small roles across 13 episodes in The Sopranos, and is also a tour guide, told MailOnline that Gandolfini looked out for everyone on the show and treated the extras, crew and cast all as equals. Success: Falco and Gandolfini are pictured with their Emmy Awards for the show in 2003 . Tribute: A picture of Gandolfini is displayed in the window of a restaurant in Little Italy, New York . The Sopranos Bar in New York City's Little Italy placed Gandolfini's pictures in its windows. Residents . in his hometown of Westwood, where he was born to a high school . custodian and a lunch lady in 1961, also paid tribute to the Emmy winner . as a 'regular guy'. 'I'm devastated,' Ridge Diner manager Peter Fatouros said. 'Even though he was a big celebrity, he still came around to his old neighborhood.'They were taken on as volunteers and the service has since decided to employ an extra four full-time counsellors. Documents seen by the BBC show its welfare and counselling team was almost halved between 2008 and June 2017. The London Fire Brigade said the mental health of staff was a "main priority". At least 80 people died in the fire in North Kensington on 14 June. More than 200 firefighters attended the tower block at the time, rescuing 65 people. The extra four full-time counsellors would effectively return staffing levels to those in 2008. The BBC understands there was the equivalent of 9.6 full-time counsellors working for the brigade in 2008. By the time of the fire, the number had been cut to 5.2. The London Fire Brigade is using its reserve budget to pay for the extra counsellors. But London Mayor Sadiq Khan has written to the government asking for it to provide extra funding for the fire service's staffing, as well as aerial appliances and improved breathing apparatus. The fire service did not confirm the extent of the support the 60 voluntary counsellors have given or if they are still being used. Siobhan McGee, a trauma specialist and former London Fire Brigade counsellor, said while firefighters were generally "very resilient people" it was normal for symptoms of traumatic stress to occur following a tragedy such as the Grenfell fire. "They may be experiencing things like physically shaking in their body, elevated heart-rate," she told Victoria Derbyshire. "They might have disturbed sleep, they might have nightmares, they might have induced images and flashbacks." She said over time, as trauma memory is processed by the brain, images and memories become less distressing. A spokesman for the London Fire Brigade said every firefighter who attended Grenfell was individually spoken to by a counsellor before they came off duty. "When they returned to duty our staff also had access to a counsellor, and the brigade counselling team was reinforced by officer support from the NHS and other fire and rescue services," the spokesman said. "Going forward, counsellors are visiting staff this week and carrying out a psychological health check of each individual and identifying further staff who might need support. "We have an on-call counsellor available to all staff 24/7. The ongoing mental wellbeing of all of our staff continues to be a main priority." The Victoria Derbyshire programme is broadcast on weekdays between 09:00 and 11:00 on BBC Two and the BBC News channel.7 June 2016 Last updated at 20:23 BST Town beat AZ Alkmaar and lifted the trophy after the second leg in Amsterdam. Butcher played in the Ipswich team which won the cup final on aggregate after a 3-0 win at Portman Road followed by a 4-2 defeat in Holland. He has been part of a charity cycling team which made a 260-mile round trip to Holland to commemorate the victory. They were raising money for Prostate Cancer UK and for the Ipswich Town Academy.Once the negotiator arrives at the meeting point, he waits until his satellite phone beeps with a text message. In the message is a pair of GPS coordinates. He drives five to six more hours until he reaches the new address in the sand and waits for the next text, containing another set of coordinates. The process is repeated a minimum of three times before the jihadists finally show themselves. The money is counted on a blanket on which the fighters sit cross-legged, their guns at their sides, the official said. The millions are then divided into stashes, wrapped in plastic and buried in holes hundreds of miles apart, a detail he was able to glean after repeated meetings with the terrorist cell. They mark the location on their GPS, keeping track of it just as they track their buried cars and fuel drums. The money is written off by European governments as an aid payment, or else delivered through intermediaries, like the French nuclear giant Areva, a state-controlled company that a senior negotiator said paid €12.5 million in 2011 and €30 million in 2013 to free five French citizens. (A spokesman for Areva denied in an email that a ransom had been paid.) In Yemen, the intermediaries are Oman and Qatar, which pay the ransoms on behalf of European governments, including more than $20 million for two groups of hostages released in the past year, according to European and Yemeni officials. Almost a year into her captivity in 2012, Mariasandra Mariani thought she could not take it anymore. Her captors were holding her in a landscape of black granite in northern Mali, which amplified the suffocating heat. When the wind blew, it felt as if someone were holding a blow dryer inches from her skin. She spent all day next to a bucket of water, sponging herself to try to keep cool. She told her guard that her modest family, which grows olives in the hills above Florence, did not have the money, and that her government refused to pay ransoms. Her captor reassured her. “Your governments always say they don’t pay,” he told Ms. Mariani. “When you go back, I want you to tell your people that your government does pay. They always pay.” ||||| Fighters from the Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat, which would later become an official branch of Al Qaeda, perpetrated the 2003 kidnapping. Their leaders came from Algeria’s northern coastal region and were not used to driving in the sands of the Sahara, said the hostages. The jihadists grabbed tourists from Germany who were traveling on motorcycles, but did not know how to operate the bikes. They forced the tourists to drive with a gunman riding on the back of the seat. The leader of the operation, Abderrazak el Para, whom the French news media called “the Bin Laden of the Sahara,” appears almost giddy the first time he mounts a motorcycle. His European captive — apparently not yet aware that he has been kidnapped — shows him how to stand up properly in the seat. “This video shows, No. 1, the lack of sophistication of the jihadists,” said Mr. Atallah, who reviewed the video. “It also crucially shows that they were ad-libbing. They had never done this before.” Ingo Bleckmann, a 60-year-old inventor from Salzburg, Austria, initially thought he was being robbed when the militants confronted him. He said he quickly realized he was in the hands of ideological extremists. |||||(CNN) -- The World Cup's focus on attacking football has won global praise but a cloud scurried across the tournament Tuesday as match fixing claims surrounding Cameroon's participation in the event emerged. The Cameroon Football Association (Fecafoot) has confirmed it's investigating allegations made in the German media that seven of its players were involved in match fixing during the group stages of the World Cup finals in Brazil. While previous investigations centered on trying to fix international friendlies or low-profile qualifiers, this is the first time since 1982 that World Cup group stage games have come under scrutiny. The "Indomitable Lions" were drawn in the same pool as Croatia, Mexico and host nation Brazil, losing all three games. A convicted match fixer spoke to German magazine Der Spiegel correctly predicting one of the results of the African nation. "We wish to inform the general public that, though not yet contacted by FIFA in regards to this affair, our administration has already instructed its Ethics Committee, to further investigate these accusations," said a Fecafoot statement. Wilson Raj Perumal, who was detained by police in Finland earlier this year on an international arrest warrant, told Der Spiegel that Cameroon would lose to Croatia while also having a player sent off. CNN has not been able to independently verify the Der Spiegel report. Midfielder Alex Song was red carded during the game for lashing out at Croatia striker Mario Mandzukic, while goals from Ivica Olic, Ivan Perisic and a brace from Mandzukic without reply secured a 4-0 victory. The match also saw Cameroon players Benoit Assou-Ekotto and Benjamin Moukandjo aggressively confront each other, with television pictures appearing to show Assou-Ekotto attempting to head-butt Moukandjo. CNN contacted Song's agent although he was not immediately available for comment. The Fecafoot statement continued: "Recent allegations of fraud around Cameroon 2014 FIFA World Cup three preliminary games, especially Cameroon vs. Croatia, as well of the 'existence of seven bad apples (in our national team)' do not reflect the values and principles promoted by our administration, in line with FIFA Code of Conduct and the ethics of our nation." In the Der Spiegel interview, Perumal, who CNN is trying to contact, used the expression "seven bad apples." A FIFA spokesperson told reporters Tuesday that they could not comment on whether an investigation was underway on the manipulation of games. Fecafoot meanwhile added in its statement that "in 55 years of existence, it has never been sanctioned for, involved in, or even linked to match fixing or any fraud of any kind." The investigation marks an uncomfortable end to Cameroon's disastrous World Cup campaign. Players initially refused to board the plane to Brazil until a dispute with Fecafoot over bonus payments was resolved. Although an agreement was eventually reached, the team's departure was delayed by a day. An opening game 1-0 loss to Mexico was followed up by the 4-0 thrashing by Croatia. Hosts Brazil then completed the misery by defeating the four-time African Cup of Nations champion 4-1. In the aftermath of the Croatia defeat, coach Volker Finke described the behavior of some of his players as "unacceptable." "Some players behaved very badly, and that's why we have conceded four goals," Finke said to L'Equipe. "I know that it is difficult to play with 10 men, but that is not a reason to lose it to this point. "The game was balanced until the red card. The Croatians were more clinical in front of goal, but Cameroon also had chances to score. "The behavior of some of the players is really not satisfactory. Even when we were 11-a-side, it was not acceptable." In 1982, Algeria, despite having beaten then West Germany, went out after a seemingly contrived 1-0 win over Austria.By . Marcus Townend For Mail Online . Roger Charlton is to run Al Kazeem in the Cumberland Lodge Stakes at Ascot a week on Saturday. The six-year-old, a three-time group one winner in 2013, has raced three times since returning to training this summer after encountering fertility problems at stud, winning the 10-furlong Group Three Winter Hill Stakes at Windsor before finishing fifth to The Grey Gatsby in the Irish Champion Stakes last time out. Charlton, whose dual Group Three winning miler Captain Cat tries to win his first Group Two prize in the Joel Stakes at Newmarket on Friday, said: ‘The step up in trip and step down in class is just Al Kazeem needs.’ Al Kazeem will run in the Cumberland Lodge Stakes at Ascot a week on Saturday . Roger Charlton believes the step up in trip and step down in class is just what Al Kazeem needs . The Cumberland Lodge Stakes was an option for Jeremy Noseda’s Grandeur but the gelding, who has run three times without luck across the Atlantic this summer, will again be on his travel with a shot at the $1million Canadian International at Woodbine on October 19. The five-year-old won the Listed Foundation Stakes at Goodwood for the second year running but Noseda will be have to look for a new jockey in Canada. Wednesday’s rider Ryan Moore should be needed for Sir Michael Stoute-trained Hillstar, a winner at Newbury on Saturday. Noseda’s Newmarket colleague Roger Varian may have just won his first Classic with Kingston Hill in the St Leger but there was one surprising omission from his CV. Until Andre Atzeni-ridden 15-8 favourite American Artist passed the post first in the British Stallions Stud Maiden Stakes, Varian had never had a winner at Goodwood from 50 runners in his four-year training career. Varian confirmed that Kingston Hill was on course for a crack at the Prix de L’Arc de Triomphe at Longchamp on October 5, saying: ‘It is all systems go – I have been very pleased with his since the Leger.’ Roger Varians says Group One Moyglare Stud Stakes winner Cursory Glance might run again this season . Varian also refused to rule out the possibility that his Group One Moyglare Stud Stakes winner Cursory Glance might run again this season. Moore was also successful on his father Gary’s Good Luck Charm. That stretched his title race lead to five (142-137) over Richard Hughes, who also picked up a two-day whip ban on runner-up Shadow Rock.By . Ray Massey . PUBLISHED: . 15:07 EST, 30 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 15:07 EST, 30 November 2012 . Protest groups and 15 councils will seek to stop the Government’s controversial £34billion high speed HS2 rail project dead in its tracks when they challenge the ‘fundamentally flawed’ project in the High Court from Monday. Ahead of the legal battle they warned ministers: ’You may ignore our protests but you can’t ignore the courts.’ Teams of barristers led by QCs will present five separate legal challenges against the Department for Transport on environmental and financial grounds over a nine day period to prevent the ‘damning blight’ of homes and countryside close to the line. Money wasted: Protesters say the new HS2 project has been 'an abysmal business case and represents extremely poor value for hard pressed taxpayers' money' The judicial reviews are being launched by the umbrella group 51M representing 15 councils along the route, two challenges by the HS2 Action Alliance, as well as Heathrow Hub Ltd and Aylesbury Park Golf Club. The first phase of the scheme for the 225mph trains involves a 143 mile route from London to Birmingham by 2026, followed by a ‘Y’ shaped split to Leeds and Manchester in the North by 2033. Objections to be put to the High Court include Government failure to provide accurate information, failure to comply to environmental statute, failure to assess the impact on communities, failure to adequately assess alternatives, failure to consider the impact of HS2 on other parts of the transport infrastructure, and that the decision on compensation failed to meet Government promises and relied on ‘undisclosed information’. Proceedings start on Monday December 3 and is expected to conclude Tuesday December 11 with the councils first to fire their legal broadside . Transport mess: High Speed HS2 protest poster showing former Transport Secretary Justine Greening and current one Patrick McLoughlin portrayed as Laurel and Hardy . Councillor Martin Tett, Chairman of the 51m alliance and leader of Buckinghamshire County Council said: ‘We are doing this with immense reluctance; however we feel that we have been left with no alternative. ‘ . He said the project has ‘an abysmal business case and represents extremely poor value for hard pressed taxpayers' money’. ‘Far better alternatives exist to . build the infrastructure the country desperately needs more quickly and . at far lower cost. We cannot let the Department for Transport with its . atrocious record on managing key investment decisions not answer for why . these have been ignored.’ Councillor Sarah Hayward, Leader of . Camden Council, said: ‘The judicial review enables us to highlight the . impact of this fundamentally flawed scheme, through the legal system. ‘This scheme will bring a damning . blight to Camden that could last for decades, and the council will fight . for every home and business, brick by brick.’ Stop HS2 Campaign Coordinator Joe . Rukin said: ‘We have been waiting for our day in court for a long while . and it is a shame it has had to come to this, but the Government have . failed to listen to any point we have made so far.’ Protested project: Former Transport Secretary Justine Greening speaks to the media on the Southeastern High Speed platform at St Pancras Station in London as the HS2 high-speed rail project was given the green light . Penny Gaines, who chaise the Stop HS2 . campaign said: 'The Department for Transport have failed in their duty . to adequately assess the environmental impact of HS2.‘ . Hilary Wharf , Director, HS2 Action . Alliance said: ‘The Government is trying to force through HS2 without . following proper process. Our cases concern environmental issues and . the consultation on compensation.’ ‘We are confident in our arguments. While Government has consistently ignored the compelling case against . HS2, they can’t ignore the courts.' She added: ‘We have raised the money . for the legal actions from many hundreds of individual donations from . ordinary people who feel angered and frustrated by the Government's . flawed decision to proceed. The 15 local authorities party to the 51M group’s Judicial Review are: . Buckinghamshire County CouncilLondon Borough of HillingdonLondon Borough of CamdenAylesbury Vale District Council Cherwell District Council, OxfordshireChiltern District CouncilLichfield District Council StaffordshireNorth Warwickshire Borough CouncilSouth Bucks District CouncilSouth Northamptonshire CouncilStratford-on-Avon District Council, WarwickshireThree Rivers District Council, HertfordshireWarwick District CouncilWarwickshire County CouncilWycombe District Council. Affected resident Jaqi Curruthers, from South Heath in Buckinghamshire said: ’We’ve lived here for 11 years and have three children in local schools. 'My partner has built a business in Essex over the last five years and we were hoping to move to be closer to his work. 'But as our house is 400 metres from the proposed line we are not entitled to any compensation and we are left with a big mortgage on a house that is effectively worthless.’ A Department for Transport spokesman said: ’HS2 will bring cities closer together, drive regeneration, tackle overcrowding and stimulate economic growth. ‘While it would not be appropriate to comment on the specific claims, the Government is confident that the decisions on HS2 have been taken lawfully and fairly and it is vigorously defending these legal challenges.’ The Prime Minister this week gave a ‘personal undertaking’ to review compensation schemes for properties affected by the planned high speed 2 rail link after being challenged by his former Welsh Secretary Cheryl Gillan. Ms Gillan, whose Chesham and Amersham seat will be home to part of the route, urged a generous package for those who live and work nearby. Mr Cameron said: ‘I absolutely give that undertaking that I will look carefully at the scheme. We are consulting, as you know, at the moment.’(CNN) -- The Supreme Court tried mightily to wade through a cloud of bureaucratic regulations Monday over setting clear air standards, a high-stakes environmental and economic fight pitting the Obama administration against a coalition of states and utilities. The justices on Monday heard six separate appeals, which were consolidated into more than 100 minutes of often dense oral arguments. A ruling is expected by June. At issue is narrow, but potentially far-reaching -- whether the Environmental Protection Agency can tighten emissions standards for "stationary" greenhouse gas sources, such as power plants, in what the administration says is an effort to stem the effects of climate change and global warming. In the larger political sphere, this issue could be major test of executive authority, with many conservative groups painting President Barack Obama as misusing his power and ignoring the will of the legislature. Obama just last week announced new executive rules to extend carbon emission standards to larger trucks and buses. The White House said ongoing stalemates on Capitol Hill prompted the President to act. Republicans in Congress and their allies have expressed similar concerns over discretionary executive branch changes and delays in implementing the Obamacare health reform law, a tepid federal response to recent state marijuana legalization, and a refusal to defend a law that did not recognize legally-married same-sex couples for federal purposes. The high court last summer struck down that provision in the federal Defense of Marriage Act. The Supreme Court, in 2007, affirmed the conclusions by much of the scientific community that greenhouse gases-- including carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide emissions-- are an air pollutant, but that case dealt with emissions from motor vehicles. A range of business groups say the agency then improperly extended its regulatory authority to stationary sources. They worry the unchecked, expanded rules could someday apply to millions of other small carbon emitters -- schools, small businesses, and shopping malls. Defining "air pollutant" within the context of greenhouse gases -- and the ability of the EPA to exercise its rulemaking authority absent what it says was a clear congressional mandate -- took up much of the courtroom debate. Justice Sonia Sotomayor said the half-dozen parties opposing the EPA cannot even agree on defining an "air pollutant" for regulatory purposes . "That to me is the quintessential ambiguity in a statute where we give deference to the" EPA, said Sotomayor. "So if your side can't even come to one interpretation, why shouldn't we defer to the agency?" But Justice Anthony Kennedy, who could prove the court's decisive fifth vote, bluntly addressed U.S. Solicitor General Donald Verrilli. "I have to say in reading the brief for the states and reading your brief, I couldn't find a single precedent that strongly supports your position," he said. Texas and 16 other the states in the South and Midwest were among the parties whose cases are under review by the high court. The justices had previously rejected three other related appeals, including one from Virginia -- broader challenges to the EPA's power over carbon emissions. A coalition of 15 states backs the White House. Some progressive groups worry the conservative majority Supreme Court has been overly friendly to corporate interests in recent years, and could rule in this case against the administration. But an outcome in this his case was not clear from the arguments. "We have to think about it, along the parameter of separation of powers and whether the way in which the agency has perceived it here has arrogated an exceptional and troubling degree of discretion to design its own climate change program," Peter Keisler, the attorney representing the private groups bringing suit, told the court. Justice Elena Kagan, the most vocal backer of the administration, said the Clean Air Act was originally passed and amended before a clear understanding of the effect greenhouses gases were having on the planet. She said the EPA made a careful determination that they were different from pollution sources that cause breathing and other health problems, such as smog, and could apply different monitoring standards. "What's happened here is that you have this new kind of emission that basically makes these two terms of the statute irreconcilable, and the agency has essentially picked one," said Kagan. "It said: 'Look, we're not going to just exempt a broad class of pollutants. Instead, we're going to fudge the numbers.' And why isn't that the more reasonable of the two things to do?" she asked. Verrilli made clear the stakes in his oral presentation, telling the court that greenhouse gas emissions are "an urgent environmental" issue. "It's the gravest environmental problem that we face now as far as EPA's judgment, and it is one that gets worse with the passage of time," he said. But some justices questioned the agency's reach. "Are greenhouse gases the only air pollutant for which EPA has the authority to change the statutory thresholds?" asked Justice Samuel Alito. "Could it do this for another pollutant, something other than any of the greenhouse gases?" After Kennedy and Chief Justice John Roberts pressed the point, Verrilli suggested the EPA could broaden its discretionary authority, absent a specific congressional mandate. This is the second major environmental regulation case that will be heard this term. The justices in December heard arguments over the EPA's ability to measure emissions from an upwind state that is polluting a downwind state, requiring upwind states to pay for greenhouse gas reductions. A ruling in that case is still pending. Many business groups hope the conservative majority will limit the reach of government in this and a range of regulatory areas, which the Chamber of Commerce and others say is hurting the economy and stifling innovation. The cases argued Monday are Chamber of Commerce of the United States v. EPA (12-1272); Texas v. EPA (12-1269); Southeastern Legal Foundation v. EPA (12-1268); Energy-Intensive Manufacturers Working Group on Greenhouse Gas Regulation v. EPA (12-1254); American Chemistry Council v. EPA (12-1248); and Utility Air Regulatory Group v. EPA (12-1146).Storms Desmond, Eva, Frank and Gertrude all caused major issues in the area, as did a severe but unnamed storm on 27 January. Hawick, Jedburgh, Newcastleton and Peebles were hit by severe flooding. The full cost of repairing all the damage has yet to be calculated but the council will get support under the Bellwin Scheme to deal with it. However, the local authority will have to come up with 0.2% of their net revenue budget as a contribution - which translates to £508,000. A report to members of the council's executive committee outlined the 240 pieces of work - 114 classed as major - which will have to be undertaken to put things right. It does not include further works which might be necessary once bridges are examined below the water level.By . Aap . Immigration Minister Scott Morrison has told an inquiry into the treatment of children in detention about the 'moral burden' and 'emotional challenges' of his job, but says indulging in sentiment will result in more asylum seeker deaths at sea. Mr Morrison made the comments during his opening statement into an Australian Human Rights Commission inquiry hearing into the treatment of children in detention. 'There is much emotion in this serious topic that is before your inquiry. There should be,' he told AHRC president Gillian Triggs in Canberra. Scroll down for video . Immigration minister Scott Morrison speaking during a public hearing of the Human Right Commission at Parliament House in Canberra today . 'As a parent of two young children, the emotional challenges of working in this policy portfolio are just as real and just as great [as] they would be any other parent in my position. 'But sentiment cannot be indulged at the expense of effective policy that is saving lives and ending the chaos and tragedy that was occurring.' He said the Australian people decided at the last election that enough children had drowned while seeking asylum. 'There is no decision that I, or any of my predecessors, take as a minister in this area that is free of moral burden.' A group of asylum seekers are transported to Christmas Island in July 2012 after their boat issued a distress signal . 150 children will be released from mainland detention centres into the community. But approximately 700 children will remain in detention on Christmas Island (pictured) and on Nauru . The inquiry comes as this week Mr Morrison announced that 150 children held in mainland detention centres would be released into the community on bridging visas by the end of the year. Approximately 700 children will remain in detention centres, including those in Nauru and on Christmas Island. Concerns have been raised by refugee advocacy groups about the effect mandatory detention has on children, with allegations of physical and sexual abuse and deprivation outlined in a recent report released by the Australian Human Rights Commission. However Mr Morrison said the inquiry should be investigating his Labor predecessors, under whose watch most of the children arrived in Australia. Mr Morrison expressed disappointment the commission had not sought testimony from his four Labor predecessors, given more than 8,469 children arrived in Australia by boat during the Labor years. 'I invite the commission to rectify this situation by extending an invitation to my predecessors,' he said. Under the Abbott government, more children had been released from detention than put in, he said. He said just 353 children had arrived in Australia by boat since the September election, while 537 were released from detention - with the further 150 to come out in coming months. A drawing done by a six-year-old asylum seeker currently detained in Australian . There have been allegations that the conditions of the detention centres could cause depression and trauma for the children . Prof Triggs pressed Mr Morrison for any evidence that detaining children for long periods of time had a deterrence effect. 'There appears to be no connection between these two,' she said. People she had interviewed in mainland centres and on Christmas Island had 'no idea' of that aspect of government's policy. But Mr Morrison said detention of young children was merely a consequence of the government's policy not to allow refugees to be processed in Australia. That was followed by a heated exchange about whether detention facilities employed armed guards and resembled prisons. Prof Triggs said there was no way into the centres except through armed guards. Immigration department secretary Martin Bowles took issue, categorically denying armed guards work at the centres and calling on Prof Triggs to retract her statement. The commissioner then claimed conditions on Christmas Island were similar to those of prisons, prompting Mr Morrison to query whether she was comparing the facility with Long Bay jail. Prof Triggs said she would like to move on. Mr Morrison blamed the government's lack of movement on processing tens of thousands of backlogged refugee applications on the Senate, which was refusing to pass the reintroduction of temporary visas. The government's policy was to no longer grant permanent visas to refugees meaning there was no visa available for them, he said. 'And the government is not going to allow a set of policies to be weakened that would see an Australian staring into the face of a child corpse again,' he said. A picture drawn by a Rohingya child, described as one of the least-wanted people in the world, detained on Christmas Island .NEW YORK (CNN) -- Hugh Hefner founded Playboy magazine 55 years ago and turned the adult-oriented publication into a multimillion-dollar empire. CNN anchor John Roberts recently sat down with Hefner, now 82, and talked about Steven Watts' new book, "Mr. Playboy: Hugh Hefner and the American Dream." Hugh Hefner, 82, says that "staying young is what it is all about for me." John Roberts, CNN anchor: Mr. Hefner, good to see you. Hugh Hefner: It is my pleasure. Roberts: You have over the decades certainly supported political causes, you've supported Democratic causes. I'm wondering what your thoughts are regarding the pending inauguration of Barack Obama and where you think the country is headed in the next four years. Hefner: Well, where the country is headed is obviously a question we would all like to know. But I, certainly, [say] this [is] a time for a change. I supported Obama. I'm delighted that I lived to see a black president. I think he's a very good man. I think we've had ... eight of the worst years in my memory. And we hope that Obama can make some difference. Watch the interview with Hugh Hefner » . Roberts: You know in the 1950s and through the '60s and the early '70s you were such a factor in the sexual revolution in this country. With the election of Barack Obama, do you believe that the cultural revolution has come to an end? Hefner: It's always ongoing. You know, we remain essentially a puritan people. And so I think that conflict is always there. One got a remarkable revolutionary change in pop culture and in moral values in the '60s and '70s, and then there was a backlash. And that backlash, I think, has influenced government. And, um, the Christian right has had, played a major role in all of that. And I think that the complicated problems with religion being involved with politics hopefully will come to an end for a while at least. Roberts: Now in 1953, when you first launched Playboy magazine, you seemed to be the right publication for the right time. I know that you were very heavily influenced by the Kinsey Report, which had come out not too long prior to that. But 55 years later, is Playboy magazine still relevant? And if it is, how do you keep it relevant? Hefner: Well, I don't think obviously it will ever play the same kind of role that it played back in the 1950s and '60s. But I do think that a magazine of quality always has a place. Increasingly, obviously fewer people are reading magazines and fewer people are reading newspapers and books, but I think that part of that is a change that Playboy is always, is also embracing. We're very much involved with the Internet. We were the first magazine to use [the] Internet and have our own Web site. So I think that we'll continue to publish and publish both the magazine and then publish through electronics. Roberts: The new Steven Watts biography is a fascinating, very fascinating look at your entire career, from your roots all the way up until the present. And he says, looking back over it, that "the key to his approach was that he edited Playboy for himself. Aiming it at his own tastes and values." Was that also a key to your success as well that you approached this with such a personal passion? Hefner: I think so, but I think that is one of the things that makes magazines unique. They do speak with a personal voice. And I think it is one of the things that makes magazines special. Roberts: Now this, of course, has been a family enterprise. You founded the magazine, your daughter Christie took over as CEO of the company in 1982. She has been there for 26 years, but she's stepping down later on this month. Will you be able to still maintain that same - I don't want to say "quality" because I'm sure the quality was there -- but can the business continue in the fashion it has for the past 55 years? Hefner: Well, only time will tell. If you're talking in terms of family connections, I have two teenage sons. As a matter fact, there was an interview with Marston and Cooper in the current January issue. Roberts: I saw it. Hefner: Marston has just turned 18 and is at Trinity College. Cooper will be graduating in June and will be going to USC, and both have an interest in the magazine. Roberts: So you'll be able to continue that legacy into the future? Hefner: That is my hope. Roberts: Hugh, in the early part of the 1980s you ran into a number of problems. You were attacked on a number of different fronts by Reagan conservatives, the feminist movement, business started to suffer. Of course, there was the murder of 1980 Playmate of the Year Dorothy Stratten and charges that you had exploited her. A recent article in the Baltimore Sun described those times this way. It said: . "Many now viewed Hefner as an anachronism: A creepy old guy padding around the mansion in slippers, pajamas and smoking jacket, pathetically cavorting with the same young bimbos and living the dissolute life of an aging Lothario -- the sexualized Peter Pan who refused to grow up." How did you overcome all that and survive another 25 years in the way that you have? Hefner: Well, I think that's probably the great question. One of the big questions is "Why is the brand so hugely popular again?" There was a period in the '80s and '90s on which we were in the shade, and the brand has become hugely popular again. Part of it because of the television show. The television show is a global phenomenon. And what is unique about it is the fact that it is more popular with women than with men. Roberts: I know. The program you are talking about is girls gone wild ... sorry, "Girls Next Door." It's heading into its sixth season. And one of the statistics I saw is that 78 percent of the viewers are women. How do you think you've tapped into that market? Hefner: Well, we certainly didn't anticipate it. The original notion of doing the show through the eyes of the girlfriends seemed inspired because it took a lot of the pressure off of me. Because I'm a very busy guy. I still am very busy involved with the business and with the magazine. So the notion of doing a reality show through the eyes of the girls was a good idea because it took the pressure off the old man. What we didn't anticipate, of course, was as a result ... it is a hugely popular phenomenon with women and that, of course, is really welcome. Because we knew that we were going to have the guys so the fact that the magazine and the brand is now hot with young women bodes well for the future. Roberts: Of course, the three principals in "Girls Next Door" are Holly, Bridget and Kendra, and we know that there has been a bit of a change in the relationship between you and Holly, at the very least. Will they be back again next year for the next season? Hefner: Yes, all three of the girls are scheduled for season six. It will be a season of transitions and we will be meeting some of the new girls, too. Roberts: You're 82 years old now? Your latest girlfriends are a pair of 19-year-old twins, Karissa and Kristina Shannon. You are 63 years older than they are. A lot of people would say, "How do you do it?" And other people might say, "Are you ever going to grow up?" Hefner: Well, I'm never going to grow up. Staying young is what it is all about for me. Holding on to the boy and, um, long ago I decided that age really didn't matter and as long as the ladies ... feel the same way, that's fine with me. Roberts: Well, you're definitely the youngest 82-year-old I've ever seen. Hugh Hefner, thanks for being with us today. Hefner: My pleasure always. Roberts: Take care. Hefner: Thank you.Russia's economic development ministry estimates the economy will contract by 0.8% next year. It had previously estimated the the economy would grow by 1.2% in 2015. Russia's reliance on tax revenues from the oil industry makes it particularly sensitive to price movements. Household disposable incomes are also forecast to decline by as much as 2.8%, compared with a previous estimate that they would grow by 0.4%. The sharp revision in Russia's economic forecast is the first admission from the government that the economy will contract. "The current prognosis is based on a drop in GDP by 0.8% in 2015, against the previous prognosis of growth by 1.2%," deputy prime minister Alexi Vedev said. On Monday, the rouble suffered its biggest one-day fall since 1998. The currency slid almost 9% against the dollar before rallying after suspected central bank intervention. The currency has already lost 40% in value this year. The Russian finance ministry has also not ruled out spending more than 500 billion roubles from the budget's Reserve Fund next year. The 2015-2017 budget allows for spending of up to 500bn roubles (Â£5.9bn) next year from the Reserve Fund, but Maxim Oreshkin, head of the finance ministry's long-term strategic planning department, said it was possible the government could spend more to support the economy. He added that if the average oil price were $80 per barrel in 2015, the finance ministry's forecast for a fall in GDP was in line with the economy ministry's prediction of a 0.8% contraction. He also said that a scenario in which the oil price averaged $60 a barrel in 2015 was pessimistic, and at that price, the Russian economy would contract as forecast in the central bank's "stress scenario". The bank published its stress scenario last month, saying that at $60 per barrel, GDP would decline by 3.5% to 4%. "The real damage from the collapsing rouble and oil price is to investment and growth,'' said Chris Weafer, senior partner at Moscow-based Macro-Advisory, in a note to investors. "Russia is a non-investible country for all but the bravest of hedge fund investors right now, and will remain in this category until both the rouble and oil stabilise at minimum." The price of oil has fallen nearly 40% since the summer because of oversupply caused by rising US shale oil production. Demand has also fallen, particularly in China, the world's second largest consumer of the commodity, where industrial production has slowed in recent months. Last week, Opec ministers met to discuss a possible cut in oil production in order to stabilise the oil price, but the meeting broke up without agreement. Opec secretary general Abdallah Salem el-Badri said: "There's a price decline. That does not mean that we should really rush and do something." The fall in the oil price has been causing concern for several members of the oil cartel, as most require a price above $80 a barrel to balance their government budgets and many need prices to be above $100 a barrel.A rare megamouth shark washed up on a beach dead in the Philippines this week, wildlife officials have said. The 15-foot shark, a Megachasma pelagios (giant mouth of the deep), was discovered dead on the beach in Marigondon, Pio Duran, in Albay province. It is only the 60th megamouth shark seen in the world, according to marine biologist Christopher Bird. Scroll down for video . Fishermen use a stretcher with steels bars to carry a rare megamouth shark, which was found dead on a beach in the Phillipines . The Marine Wildlife Watch of the Philippines said the shark is being stored in an ice plant until a necropsy can be performed. The shark, nicknamed 'Toothless', was already dead when it washed ashore and the cause of death is unknown. It was carried inside by fishermen in a net and preserved in ice by local villagers. The Bureau of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources in Albay province will investigate to determine the cause of the shark's death. In July last year, an 18-foot megamouth was caught by Filipino fishermen. The 15-foot shark was discovered dead on the beach in Marigondon, Pio Duran, in Albay province . This megamouth shark is displayed after being discovered in Tokyo Bay near Ichihara City in 2004 . Most have been found in Japan, the Philippines and Taiwan, but the first confirmed megamouth shark sighting came in 1976, when a deep-sea anchor accidentally caught one near Hawaii. A megamouth shark can reach to a maximum length of 17 feet and have a life span of up to 100 years, according to Reuters. The species lives in deep waters but rises towards the surface at night to feed or eat plankton. A 12-foot megamouth shark on a South African beach where it was washed up April 20, 2002 .Global warming is claimed to be already posing problems for polar bears, whose numbers are waning because of melting ice, dangerous conditions and fewer hunting opportunities. Now experts have warned that chemical pollutants may be reducing the density of the bears’ penis bones. This puts them at risk of breaking their penis, which could have disastrous consequences for mating and the survival of the endangered species. Not in rude health: Scientists have warned that chemical pollutants may be reducing the density of polar bears' penis bones. This puts the them at risk of breaking their penis, which could have disastrous consequences for mating and the survival of the endangered species (stock image) Mammals such as otters have a penis bone, or baculum, which is thought to be a by-product of evolution, although experts are not sure. Now, a team of scientists led by Christian Sonne at Aarhus University, Denmark, has found that a certain type of pollutant called polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) is associated with a less dense penile bone, New Scientist reported. They have previously shown bears that have high levels of pollutants named organohalogens, such as PCBs, in their bodies, have smaller than average penis bones and testes. Organohalogens contain at least one halogen such as fluorine or chlorine, and are used as solvents and pesticides, as well as in the making of dyes and drugs. PCBs were used to make paints and rubber goods in the 1930s, but were banned in 2001 after scientists discovered they can cause cancer. The connection: A team of scientists led by Christian Sonne at Aarhus University, Denmark, have found that a certain type of pollutant called polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are associated with a less dense penile bone. An illustration of a toxic PCB 126 molecule is shown . Uncertain future: Global warming is already posing problems for polar bears, whose numbers are waning thanks to melting ice, dangerous conditions and fewer hunting opportunities. A stock image is shown . Because they break down slowly, they can still be found in the Arctic, meaning that animals such as polar bears are especially at risk. Together with a team from Canada, Dr Sonne examined buculum specimens from 279 polar bears that were born in north-east Greenland and Canada between 1990 and 2000. They used X-rays to study the density of calcium in the bones and then compared their findings with regional pollutant data. Experts have previously shown that bears that have high levels of pollutants in their bodies, have smaller than average penis bone. A collection of ancient bones is shown . The team discovered a connection between low bone density and high PCB levels, but stressed that their findings are not strong enough to prove that the pollutants are the cause of the problem. While experts are unsure of the exact purpose of the bacculum in polar bear mating, Dr Sonne thinks that a weaker bone could prove problematic, because if it breaks, it will likely stop a male from mating. While no extensive studies in the wild have been done to understand the effect pollutants on polar bear populations - because they are difficult and expensive - Dr Sonne thinks chemicals have probably killed a lot of bears in recent decades. He even believes PCBs, for example, may have cause changes to the bear’s genes. It’s already been found that thin bears have higher levels of pollutants in their bodies, so some experts fear that hungry bears may be more vulnerable to the effects of chemicals such as PCBs. In 2013, scientists uncovered a worrying trend in 'shrinking' penis bones in otters, possibly caused by chemicals. Experts at Cardiff University and the Chemicals, Health and Environment Monitoring (CHEM) Trust suggested a link between hormone disrupting chemicals and problems with male reproductive health. Experts studying the reproductive health of the mammals in England and Wales were concerned to find a decrease in the weight of otters' penis bones. Other health problems in males included an increase in undescended testicles and cysts on sperm-carrying tubes. In 2013, scientists uncovered a worrying trend in 'shrinking' penis bones in otters (stock image), possibly caused by chemicals. Experts suggested a link between hormone disrupting chemicals and problems with male reproductive health . Scientists recently warned that a a quarter of Canadian polar bears could be wiped out by the end of the century because of shrinking ice caps. Warming temperatures could destroy one tenth of the bear’s habitat, affecting their ability to roam across huge expanses of ice to hunt for food. Biologists from the University of Alberta believe that as summers get warmer in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago - islands off the North American continent and Greenland – more permanent ice cover will melt away every year. Scientists have warned that a quarter of Canadian polar bears (pictured) could be wiped out by the end of the century because of shrinking ice caps. Warming temperatures could destroy one tenth of the bear’s habitat, affecting their ability to roam across huge expanses of ice to hunt for food and mate . This means that by 2100, each polar bear population in the Archipelago may have to endure between two and five months of the year without ice at sea, which would likely lead to starvation and hamper their ability to mate. Projected global warming would adversely affect one tenth of their habitat, which is being damaged by man-made pollution, according to the study. It found that sea ice across the Arctic is declining and altering the physical characteristics of marine ecosystems . The study, published in Plos One, used sea ice projections from 2006 to 2100 to gain an insight into the conservation challenges for polar bears. Biologists from the University of Alberta believe that as summers get warmer in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago (mapped) - islands off the North American continent and Greenland – more permanent ice cover will melt away every year .By . Daily Mail Reporter . A 450lbs white rapper from Antioch, Tennessee, is regretting borrowing his favorite restaurant’s logo for the cover of latest mixtape after Waffle House sent him a cease and desist letter for infringing their copyright. Jason DeFord aka Jelly Roll jokingly describes himself as ‘a regular fat piece of white trash’ and claims to have visited the food chain hundreds of times. Earlier this year, he recorded a 21-track mixtape which he called ‘Whiskey, Weed & Waffle House’, in tribute to three of his favorite things. Waffle House blues: Rapper Jelly Roll has been a loyal customer for years but that didn't stop the company suing him for copyright infringement . He printed up 10,000 copies to give away, with a front cover featuring a bottle of Crown Royal whiskey, a pot leaf and Waffle House’s distinct logo. The back-cover design even looked like the chain’s menu. Unfortunately Waffle House didn’t appreciate the homage and within a month 28-year-old Jelly Roll had received a cease and desist letter from their lawyers. The heavyweight rapper was ordered to destroy everything featuring the company’s name and logo within 10 days for infringing their corporate trademark. Lawyers for the food chain were quick to hit aspiring rapper Jelly Roll with a series of charges after he used their logo on his mixtape cover as a tribute to his favorite eatery . The company also filed a trademark claim that shut him out of his Facebook and YouTube accounts for more than a week. Initially flattered by all the attention from his favorite eatery, it took a visit to a lawyer for Jelly Roll to realize the severity of the situation. The thoughtless homage has left him picking up a very expensive check and he estimates that he’s lost more than $10,000 so far, including scrapping a video shot at a Nashville Waffle House and $500 every time his lawyer communicates with the chain. Yet despite being on the receiving end the company’s strong-arm tactics Jelly Roll confesses that he hasn't been able to stop eating at his local Waffle House. Jelly Roll called his mixtape 'Whiskey, Weed & Waffle House' in tribute to three of his favorite things . ‘I swore I wouldn't tell too many people - I promise you're the only reporter I’ll tell - I just ate at a Waffle House! Even after I vowed I'd never eat at one again, I found myself hungry at an odd hour, under the intoxication of a little whiskey and a little weed, and I wound up in a Waffle House,’ he confessed to Gawker. The incident has brought Jelly Roll a lot of undue stress, but he has gotten through tougher situation in his 28 years including going to prison for drugs possession. The father-of-one has even made able to make light of the situation. ‘I'm 450 pounds - I should have sued Waffle House 10 years ago! Do you know how many All-Star Breakfasts I bought in my life? I might’ve stopped at 330!’ he joked. Weighing in at 450 pounds, Rapper . Jelly Roll jokingly describes himself as 'a regular fat piece of white trash'A British woman who fell from a cruise ship sang to stay alive while she spent 10 hours in the Adriatic Sea, her rescuers said. The passenger, named as Kay Longstaff, was taken to hospital in the city of Pula and said she feels "very lucky" to have been rescued. She fell from an aft deck of the Norwegian Star cruise ship about 60 miles (95km) off Croatia's coast late on Saturday night. A Croatian rescue ship was scrambled and found her swimming not far from where Ms Longstaff was believed to have fallen. Image: She told how she spent 10 hours in the sea after falling off the back of the ship. Pic: MORH/Coast Guard "Luckily for her we saw her immediately because she raised and waved her hands when she saw us," said the vessel's captain Lovro Oreskovic. Mr Oreskovic added that she told the crew that she practices yoga and sang while floating to stay awake, but was exhausted when she was found. "It is a real miracle that she is alive," Mr Oreskovic said. "On the cruiser ship they thought she is not. It's obvious that she's very fit." Image: Kay Longstaff said she felt lucky to have survived The 46-year-old, understood to be from Brighton, gave an interview to the Croatia news service HRT saying she felt "very lucky" to have survived. "I was in the water for 10 hours, so these wonderful guys rescued me," she said. "I am very lucky to be alive. I was sitting at the back of the deck." Mr Oreskovic said she fell from the back of the Norwegian Star cruise ship that was sailing towards Venice, Italy, shortly before midnight on Sunday. The ship launched a search mission in the area of her fall, but could not find her. Image: She used to work as an air steward She was eventually rescued 10 hours later by the Croatian coast guard and taken to a hospital for a 24-hour examination. Hospital director Irena Hristic said Ms Longstaff has suffered stress but was in good health overall. "The woman looks young, healthy and is a sports person," Ms Hristic said. "She said she swam all the time and was conscious." David Radas, a spokesman at Croatia's ministry of maritime affairs, said that by checking CCTV, rescuers knew the exact moment she fell in the water. Image: Kay Longstaff leaves a rescue ship after being saved from the water "Because they knew the time, they were able to know the exact position of the ship," he told The Sun. A Norwegian Cruise Line spokesperson said: "In the morning of 19 August, a guest went overboard as Norwegian Star made her way to Venice. "The Coast Guard was notified and a search and rescue operation ensued. "We are pleased to advise that the guest was found alive, is currently in stable condition, and has been taken ashore in Croatia for further treatment. "We are very happy that the individual, who is a UK resident, is now safe and will soon be reunited with friends and family." Image: Ms Longstaff fell from the Norwegian Star cruise ship. Pic: Norwegian Cruise Line The circumstances of the incident are being investigated and the British embassy in Croatia has been informed. Dolores Brenko Skerjanc of the Croatian port authority said that the Adriatic Sea is warm in the summer and could have contributed to Ms Longstaff's survival. "She spent a lot of time in the water, but the sea is now quite warm and the chances for survival are better," he told state broadcaster HRT. ||||| Woman taken to hospital in Pula, Croatia, after being found in sea A British woman has been rescued after spending 10 hours in the Adriatic Sea at night, having fallen from a cruise ship, according to Croatia’s coastguard. The 46-year-old, who gave her name as Kay to local media and was later named Kay Longstaff in UK reports, was taken to hospital in Pula, Croatia, and is understood to be out of danger. It is understood she fell from the Norwegian Star cruise ship about 60 miles (100km) off Croatia’s coast shortly before midnight on Saturday as the vessel was making its way from the port of Vergarola to Venice in Italy. Kay Longstaff. Photograph: Kay Longstaff/Facebook The liner raised the alarm and was joined by coastguard and civilian vessels, plus a PC-9 aircraft, at about 6.30am on Sunday. The woman was spotted at 9.40am and reached by a rescue swimmer from a patrol boat minutes later, Croatian media reported, saying she was about 1.3km away from the spot where she fell in. The rescued passenger told the Croatian news channel HRT: “I am very lucky to be alive. ... I fell off the back of the Norwegian Star and I was in the water for 10 hours, so these wonderful guys rescued me. “I was sitting at the back of the deck and, yeah ... it was bad,” she said before being taken into an ambulance. An unnamed rescuer told the Sun: “She said the fact that she practises yoga helped her as she was fit. And she said she was singing to not feel cold in the sea overnight.” David Radas, a spokesman for the Croatian ministry of maritime affairs, said that by checking CCTV rescuers knew the exact moment Longstaff fell in the water. “Because they knew the time, they were able to know the exact position of the ship,” he told the Sun. The rescue ship’s captain, Lovro Orešković, said the woman was exhausted, adding: “We were extremely happy for saving a human life.” Facebook Twitter Pinterest Longstaff after her rescue. Photograph: MORH/Coast guard A Norwegian Cruise Line spokesperson said: “On the morning of 19 August a guest went overboard as Norwegian Star made her way to Venice. The coastguard was notified and a search and rescue operation ensued. “We are pleased to advise that the guest was found alive, is currently in stable condition and has been taken ashore in Croatia for further treatment. We are very happy that the individual, who is a UK resident, is now safe and will soon be reunited with friends and family.” The circumstances of the incident are being investigated and the British embassy in Croatia has been informed. Facebook Twitter Pinterest British woman being rescued from the sea. Photograph: MORH/Coast guard It comes weeks after a cruise ship worker fell overboard while travelling on the Norwegian Getaway – also run by Norwegian Cruise Line – in the Gulf of Mexico. The 33-year-old man, believed to be from the Philippines, was rescued 22 hours later after being found 26 miles (42km) outside the coastguard search zone in July. A search was called off in May after an 80-year-old Australian man fell off the Sun Princess cruise ship while journeying from Indonesia to Malaysia. |||||Some 80 locals, described by police as far-right, brawled with 20 young asylum seekers in Bautzen. The asylum seekers were chased to their hostel and put under police guard. The mayor said the town had to avoid becoming a playground for the far right. A curfew has been imposed on the young asylum seekers. Anti-migrant tensions have been mounting in Bautzen this year. Locals cheered when a building due to house migrants was set on fire in February. The following month, President Joachim Gauck was verbally abused when he visited Bautzen to discuss the influx of refugees in Germany. Bautzen and the nearby town of Niedergurig are home to four asylum shelters. Bautzen is 60km (38 miles) east of Dresden, where the "anti-Islamisation" Pegida movement began. Since the arrival last year of 1.1 million irregular migrants and refugees in Germany, some areas, particularly eastern states, have seen a rise in anti-migrant violence as well as support for the anti-Islam AfD party. Germany's federal police force says there have been 700 attacks on asylum accommodation this year, including 57 arson attacks. Each fresh outbreak of refugee-related violence is potentially a political problem for Chancellor Angela Merkel. Some voters say large-scale migration could destabilise German society. As a result the chancellor's conservative coalition has been haemorrhaging voters to the insurgent anti-migrant Alternative for Germany (AfD) party. That's a particular worry given that this weekend voters in Berlin region go to the polls, and next year Mrs Merkel's national government faces re-election. But many Germans from other parts of Germany are more likely to blame the clashes on racist sentiment, rather than see it as a product of the chancellor's welcoming stance on refugees. That is because this beautiful area of ex-communist eastern Germany already has a rather ugly reputation for neo-Nazi support and right-wing extremist violence. Wednesday's outbreak of violence in Bautzen was a dramatic escalation after days of tension in the town. The clashes appeared to be triggered by an incident the previous evening, when a 32-year-old resident was hurt by a bottle being thrown. On Wednesday night a group of some 80 people, described by police as right-wingers, shouted slogans at up to 20 young asylum seekers, accusing them of taking over the central Kornmarkt shopping centre. Tensions escalated, fuelled by alcohol, and scuffles broke out. Police said they tried to separate the groups and asked them to leave. Then the asylum seekers - all thought to have come to Germany as unaccompanied minors - hurled bottles and wooden sticks at the police, who responded with pepper spray and batons. When they did disperse, they were pursued by the locals to a nearby asylum centre. An ambulance crew was caught up in the clashes when far-right residents hurled stones at their vehicle as they tried to take an 18-year-old Moroccan asylum seeker to hospital for treatment. "It wasn't anarchy, but there was at least a chaotic phase that I would say lasted between 45 and 90 minutes," said police chief Uwe Kilz. Local mayor Alexander Ahrens said he would not tolerate the violence. "It cannot be that Bautzen turns into a playground for right-wingers spoiling for a fight". The young asylum seekers will now face an alcohol ban and a 19:00 curfew.A Seattle man caused $60,000 in damage after using a homemade blowtorch to try to kill a spider in his rental home on Tuesday night. The 24-year-old, who lived in the house with his mother, had used a can of spray paint and a lighter to try to chase the spider from a laundry room, but the fire quickly took hold. The man, who has not been named, tried to douse the flames with water but it soon spread to the attic. Scroll down for video . Blaze: Flames can be seen breaking through the roof of the Seattle home on Tuesday night after a man tried to kill a spider with a blowtorch . Debris: A tarpaulin has been pulled over the house roof and charred furniture has been dragged outside as the owners survey the damage . No one was injured in the blaze, although the spider is believed to have perished. Attempts by fire crews to put out the blaze were delayed over fears that rounds of ammunition may be stored inside. Seattle fire department's spokesman Kyle Moore said the tenant had used 'a self-made blowtorch to kill a spider in the laundry room.' 'I don't want to encourage people to do . this, but that's what he did,' Moore said. 'The spider tried . to get into the wall. He sprayed flames on the wall, lit the wall on . fire, and that extended up to the ceiling.' Washington state is home to two venomous spiders - the black widow and the hobo spider. While deaths from both are rare, hobo spiders can cause skin ulcerations, headaches and disorientation. Fire damage: A large hole can be seen in the property's roof after a blaze broke out in the laundry room . Homeless: The Red Cross has found temporary accommodation for the tenants of the Seattle home . A black widow bite has been known to kill in a small percentage of cases. Mostly, its venom causes severe muscle spasms. It is not clear if the spider was a venomous one, but Moore said that fire was not the most effective way to get rid of creepy crawlies. Neighbors described seeing flames and black smoke pouring from the property as the fire took hold. 'There were giant clouds of smoke pouring out of the windows,' Kaitlin Sharp told Kiro TV. The Red Cross is providing temporary accommodation for the displaced family after the house was declared uninhabitable. Debris has been piled in the backyard after a blaze broke out during a failed attempt to catch a spider . The fire=damaged house has been boarded up. No one was injured but the spider is believed to have died .This figure could rise further as police continue their investigation, Assistant Chief Constable of Sussex Police Steve Barry added. The vintage jet plummeted into traffic on the A27 on Saturday after attempting a loop manoeuvre. Some victims of the accident have been named by their families. The number of deaths was initially given as seven, but ACC Barry said it was now "highly likely" that 11 had died. Victims who have been named by their families include Matt Jones, 24, and Worthing United FC footballer Matthew Grimstone, 23. Another Worthing United footballer, Jacob Schilt, 23, is also believed to be among the victims, his club said. In a statement, Worthing United FC said Mr Grimstone was their first team goalkeeper and was quiet and reserved, but with a "huge talent and a brilliant player with huge potential". Mr Schilt was a "tenacious midfielder, a skilful player, with an eye for goal", the club said. Sussex Police has said no-one on the airfield was injured but that the pilot - named locally as former RAF pilot Andy Hill - remained in a critical condition in hospital. He was pulled from the burning wreckage. The status of the jet's ejector seats was yet to be determined, ACC Barry said. He said the removal of victims' bodies was likely to continue throughout Monday. It was "quite possible" more victims would be discovered, he added. ACC Barry said a crane would be brought in to lift the wreckage of the aircraft on Monday. The large crash site remains a hazardous area, with fuel still on the plane. In a video released by Sussex Police, ACC Barry later described the crash as "devastating". He said: "I've certainly not seen anything like this in my career in terms of the scale, the tragedy and the impact that this is going to have on the local community. "We are entering the recovery phase of the operation and as we do that we are likely to uncover more fatalities but we are putting in a huge amount of effort in supporting the families and helping them to understand what has happened." He appealed to drivers to avoid the area, saying the A27, which was badly damaged during the crash, would be closed for at least another two days. The crash happened at 13:20 BST on Saturday as the Hawker Hunter jet came out of a loop manoeuvre. It then smashed into the A27, sending a fireball across the carriageway. Neil McCarthy, a friend of pilot Andy Hill, told the BBC News Channel that the loop manoeuvre was regarded as "one of the most dangerous" to attempt. He said that "if you don't have the right entry speed, the right pull back on the stick, the G-force, the right gate height at the top of the loop manoeuvre, it can go wrong pretty quick". The Air Accidents Investigation Branch is also continuing to investigate the scene alongside the police, who have urged people to think twice before posting "extremely graphic" images of the crash online.Daiju Azuma. CC-BY-SA Toxic chemicals are accumulating in marine creatures in Earth’s deepest oceanic trenches, the first measurements of organic pollutants in these regions have revealed. “We often think deep-sea trenches are remote and pristine, untouched by humans,” says Alan Jamieson, a deep-ocean researcher at the University of Aberdeen, UK. But Jamieson and his colleagues have found man-made organic pollutants at high levels in shrimp-like crustaceans called amphipods that they collected from two deep-ocean trenches, he told a conference on deep-ocean exploration in Shanghai on 8 June. “It’s really surprising to find pollutants so deep in the ocean at such high concentrations,” says Jeffrey Drazen, a marine ecologist at the University of Hawaii in Honolulu. Before this work — which has not yet been published — the study of pollutants in deep-sea organisms had been limited to those that live at depths of 2,000 metres or less1, 2. The latest research tested for levels of organic chemicals in amphipods collected at 7,000–10,000 metres depth, from the Mariana Trench in the western Pacific Ocean — the world’s deepest trench — and from the Kermadec Trench near New Zealand. The creatures were captured during two international expeditions in 2014, when researchers lowered uncrewed landers into the trenches as part of a research programme to study deep-ocean ecosystems, sponsored by the US National Science Foundation. Polluted depths In both trenches, the amphipods contained polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) — used to make plastics and as anti-fouling agents to stop barnacles growing on ships' hulls — and polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs), which are used as flame retardants. Both chemicals are man-made and belong to a category of carbon-based compounds called persistent organic pollutants (POPs) because they are hard to break down. Production of PCBs — which are carcinogens — has been banned in many countries since the late 1970s; PBDEs, which animal studies suggest may disrupt hormone systems and interfere with neural development, are only now being phased out. The concentrations of PCBs in the amphipods from the Mariana Trench were particularly high, and 15 times greater than those found in the Kermadec. “It’s even higher than in the estuaries of two of the most polluted rivers — the Pearl River and the Liao River — in China,” says Jamieson. By contrast, the Kermadec Trench contains PBDEs at concentrations five times greater than the Mariana — and at a level that is higher than in the coastal waters of New Zealand’s North Island, the study finds. Douglas Bartlett, a deep-sea microbiologist at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in San Diego, California, says that the discovery is fascinating. “It hits home very dramatically that the trenches are not that remote after all, and the world is all connected,” he says. That sinking feeling “The take-home message is that when you dump rubbish into the sea, it will ultimately sink. When [pollutants] fall into the trenches, they have nowhere else to go. So they’re just going to keep building up,” says Jamieson. Eventually, the trenches will have higher levels of pollutants than in estuaries, where chemicals are constantly flushed out to open waters, he says. The researchers suspect that the proximity of the Mariana Trench to large plastic manufacturers in Asia, as well as to a long-term US military base on the island of Guam, may have contributed to its high PCB levels. The waters above the trench are also part of the North Pacific gyre, a system of strong swirling ocean currents that might be sucking materials on the surface down into the deep sea. Both the Mariana and Kermadec trenches are around 11 kilometres deep. “It sounds quite deep, but it’s not in terms of pollutant transport,” says Jamieson. The high POP levels are a cause for concern, researchers say. The deep-ocean canyons are “untapped natural resources” — a potential supply of organisms that could be valuable for a range of commercial applications, including drug discovery, but which might be affected by the pollutants, says Drazen. Scientists think that deep-ocean trenches could also be an important carbon sink, playing a key part in regulating climate, Bartlett says. In part, that is because in the trenches, carbon is pushed deep into Earth's interior when one tectonic plate is thrust underneath another. The trenches are also teeming with microbes that may convert carbon-containing chemicals into forms that aren’t easily converted into carbon dioxide. “If somehow microbial activities are adversely affected because of all this pollution, I’d wonder what that’s doing to the carbon cycle in general,” says Bartlett. ||||| World Amphipoda Database (part of WoRMS - the World Register of Marine Species) Introduction The amphipods belong to the very diverse crustacean class Malacostraca, which includes other common groups such as crabs, lobsters and shrimp. The order Amphipoda is part of the superorder Peracarida, uniting a diverse group of small shrimp-like taxa that brood their young in a pouch, with no independent larval dispersal stage. Amphipods are unique in the possession of three pairs of pleopods and three pairs of uropods. In a small minority of cases secondary reduction of the abdomen may result in a loss of one or more pairs (e.g. the Caprellidae). No other malacostracan group possesses more than one pair of uropods. The name Amphipoda means ‘different feet’ and refers to the different forms of the pereopods (legs) which contrasts with the related Isopoda meaning ‘same feet’. Amphipods are variously known as, scuds, shrimp or sideswimmers. Those amphipods that have colonised the land are often referred to as landhoppers and beach dwellers are called sandhoppers or beach/sand fleas. The order Amphipoda is very diverse and currently contains 10,207 species which are divided into six suborders: Suborder Amphilochidea (88 families; 682 genera; 4,140 species) Suborder Colomastigidea (2 families; 3 genera; 55 species) Suborder Hyperiidea (35 families; 76 genera; 283 species) Suborder Hyperiopsidea (3 families; 4 genera; 13 species) Suborder Pseudingolfiellidea (1 families; 1 genera; 4 species) Suborder Senticaudata (99 families; 907 genera; 5,638 species) Amphipods range in size from a millimetre in length to the supergiant amphipod Alicella gigantea at 340 mm. Amphipods can be found in all marine habitats (even the deepest ocean trenches e.g. Hirondellea dubia), and have also colonised freshwaters and terrestrial habitats; even ectoparasitic groups are also known among them. There are at least 1870 amphipod species and subspecies recorded from fresh or inland waters accounting for ~ 20 % of the total known amphipod diversity. Amphipods are important herbivores, detritivores, micropredators and scavengers in most environments and they form an important component of marine and freshwater ecosystems. History of the database The World Amphipoda Database arose from a merger in 2010 of the World Amphipoda List compiled over many years by Jim Lowry (Australian Museum), with the European Register of Marine Species (ERMS) amphipod list, compiled by Mark Costello with the help of Denise Bellan-Santini and Jean-Claude Dauvin, and edited up until 2013 with significant additions from the RAMS Amphipoda (Antarctic) list (compiled by Claude De Broyer) and from other regional editors. The original editors of Amphipoda within WoRMS were Mark Costello, Denise Bellan-Santini, Jean Claude-Dauvin, & Wim Vader, with Claude de Broyer as Editor of the Register of Antarctic Marine Species (RAMS) Amphipoda. The north-Atlantic lists were compiled by Mark Costello with assistance from Louise Collier, from Costello et al. (1989), Brattegard (1997) and Vader et al (1997). The Mediterranean and south Atlantic lists were compiled from Bellan-Santini et al. (1998), Marques and Bellan-Santini (1990, 1991), and Lopes et al. (1993). Additional species were then found in Dauvin (1999), and for Arctic seas, in Palerud and Vader (1991) and Vader (1998). Jim Lowry’s unpublished list was added to WoRMS in 2010 when he became editor of the Amphipoda. To provide sufficient expert knowledge for maintaining the database, we have now (2013) formed an editorial team to whom the queries on particular taxa should be addressed. Editorial Team: Coordinating Editors Horton, Tammy: edits higher level amphipod taxa, Lysianassoidea and groups without a specialist editor. Lowry, Jim: edits higher level amphipod taxa, Talitridae, Lysianassoidea and groups without a specialist editor. De Broyer, Claude: edits higher level amphipod taxa, Lysianassoidea and groups without a specialist editor. Also a RAMS editor. Editors [tree] Links to other Amphipod sites Feedback The authors welcome input from visitors to this website who detect errors or omissions: we strive to maintain the website as both a comprehensive and an up-to-date resource. We aim to update the database regularly and frequently. The taxonomy in the World Amphipod Database is edited and updated by volunteer experts, assisted by the database management team at VLIZ. Authors are encouraged to send copies of publications to the respective editor with details of new or revised nomenclature. References Bellan-Santini, D, Karaman G.S., Ledoyer, M., Myers, A.A., Ruffo, S. and Vader, W. 1998. The Amphipoda of the Mediterranean, Part 4. Memoires de 1 'lnstitut Oceanographique, Monaco 13: XXVII- XLIV, 815-959. Bellan-Santini, D. and Dauvin J.C. 1997. Ampeliscidae (Amphipoda) from Iceland with a description of a new species (contribution to the BIOICE research programme). Journal of Natural History 31: 1157-1173. Brattegard, T. 1997. Order Amphipoda, Suborder Caprellidea (Phylum Crustacea) - caprellidean amphipods or skeleton shrimps. In: Brattegard, T., Holthe, T. (editors), Distribution of marine, benthic macro-organisms in Norway. A tabulated catalogue. Directorate for Nature Management, Trondheim, 23-214. Costello, M.J., Holmes, J.M.C., McGrath, D. and Myers, A.A. 1989. A review and catalogue of the Amphipoda (Crustacea) in Ireland. Irish Fisheries Investigations, Series B (Marine), No.33: 1-70. Dauvin J.C. 1999. Mise it jour de la Iiste des especes d'Amphipodes (Crustaces Peracarides) presents en Manche. Cahiers de Biologie Marine 40: 165-183. Lopes, M.F.R., Marques, J.C. and Bellan-Santini, D. 1993. The benthic amphipod fauna of the Azores (Portugal): an up-to date annotated list of species, and some biogeographic considerations. Crustaceana 65: 204-217. Marques, J.C. and Bellan-Santini, D. 1993. Biodiversity in the ecosystem of the Portuguese continental shelf: distributional ecology and the role of benthic amphipods. Marine Biology 115: 555-564. Palerud R. and Vader W. 1991 . Marine Amphipoda Gammaridea in North-East Atlantic and Norwegian Arctic. Tromura 68: 97 pp. Vader W. 1998. Checklist of Amphipoda Gammaroidea ill Barents Sea area. Vader, W., Brattegard, T., Buhl-Mortensen, L. and Larsen, K. M. 1997. Order Amphipoda, Suborder Gammaridea (Phylum Crustacea) - gammaridean amphipods. In: Brattegard, T., HoIthe, T. (editors). Distribution of marine, benthic macro-organisms in Norway. A tabulated catalogue. Directorate for Nature Management, Trondheim, 191-212. Citation By downloading or consulting data from this website, the visitor acknowledges that he/she agrees that data from this website, if extracted for secondary analysis resulting in a publication, should be cited as follows: If any data constitutes a substantial proportion of the records used in secondary analyses (i.e. more than 25% of the data are derived from this source, or the data are essential to arrive at the conclusion of the analysis), the authors/managers of the database should be contacted. It may be useful to contact us directly in case there are additional data that may strengthen the analysis or there are features of the data that are important to consider but may not have been apparent from the metadata. |||||Mr Muslem was a recent graduate in English literature; Shireen was still studying. But four months after their wedding, their lives were shattered when so-called Islamic State (IS) fighters overran their city, forcing almost all of its civilians to flee into Turkey. Now the couple and their 20-month old son Mirwan live more than 2,300 miles (3,700km) away in Colwyn Bay, Conwy county. After more than two years in a refugee camp in northern Iraq, they are relieved to finally have a safe, long-term home. "When IS attacked in 2014, everything was destroyed," Mr Muslem, 29, said. "Everyone left. We moved to Turkey and then to Iraq but some people returned to the city. Then IS attacked another time and we lost abut 500 people. They were all killed. "Every family in Syria has lost one person in the family. I lost my brother two years ago and we don't know if he is alive or dead. Some people have lost all their family." "It was so hard," Mrs Muslem, 28, added. "We had to leave our town because of the war and all the destruction. We were afraid for our lives and we had to go. It was a bad situation." "Here, I feel very happy and settled, the people are very kind and when we need anything, they help us." Until the family arrived in north Wales, Mirwan had lived all his young life in the Gawilan refugee camp in northern Iraq. "I delivered him in the camp," Mrs Muslem said. "It was difficult because the weather is very hot and it was summer when I had him. I was afraid I'd lose him. "There is only a small medical surgery at the camp and most of the time there is no medicine and the service is very simple." "I saw many, many bad situations when we first left Syria," Mr Muslem said. "We didn't want to live in a tent but where would we go? There was no choice for us. "We couldn't go to rent a house in another city so we stayed in the camp and lived in a tent." Since Kurdish forces drove IS out of Kobane in June 2015, some people have returned to the city - among them, relatives of the couple. "I have two sisters in Syria," Mrs Muslem said. "They moved back after the fighting ended. I worry about them so much and want them to come and live in the UK too but it's very difficult." Mr Muslem has two sisters in the refugee camp and family in Kobane. "Their life is OK now but it's temporary," he said. "Maybe war will come again, we don't know what's going to happen in Syria." By the end of February 2017, at least 397 refugees had been resettled in Wales under the UK government's Syrian Vulnerable Persons Resettlement Scheme. Mr and Mrs Muslem and Mirvan are the first to be placed in Conwy. "I didn't know where I was going," Mr Muslem said. "I was just told in Iraq, you will go to Manchester airport and you will live in Conwy. "When we arrived, we saw it was a good town. The weather is good and it's very nice for tourism. There are nice places like Llandudno and Rhyl and Bangor - I've visited all of these cities." Life was lonely at first but after three months, the family is starting to make new friends. "When I arrived here, I didn't know anyone," Mr Muslem said. "I had one friend but the council helped me meet people. "I know some more people now - I hope to meet many more but I know I have some friends. "For me it's not difficult but for other people it could be because they don't know the language and if they can't speak the language, they can't meet people." He is perfecting his English at a college course in Bangor and wants to qualify as a teacher. "If I go back to Syria after five years, I will help my own people in the university or in high school," he said. For now though, the family is staying put in Wales to rebuild the burgeoning life that was wrecked nearly three years ago by war.Sanaa, Yemen (CNN) -- Yemen's armed forces have a new look after President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi ordered major changes to both the military's leadership and structure on Wednesday. The expansive reshuffle appears to have removed those loyal to Yemen's previous President Ali Abdullah Saleh from their powerful positions within the military, with several other generals attaining appointments to new positions. As part of the restructuring, the elite republican guard and the first armored division will be absorbed into the country's Defense Ministry. The republican guard has been led by Saleh's eldest son, Ahmed Ali Saleh, and Gen. Ali Mohsen Al-Ahmar, who defected during the 2011 Yemeni uprising, has commanded the first armored division. "General Ahmed Ali and Ali Mohsen are a headache for millions of Yemenis dreaming of a better country and a real national military," Farea Al-Muslimi, a Yemeni youth activist, told CNN. "It's a good step, but it should have been done a long time ago ... It won't happen overnight," added Al-Muslimi. "It will need a few years for this to work out." Amnesty details 'horrific abuses' in southern Yemen . "Yemen will head in the right direction with this restructuring of the armed forces and the ending of the contentious divisions in the military," said a Yemeni government official who was not authorized to speak to the media. Yemen's military will now consist of five branches: Land Forces, Air Forces, Navy and Coastal Defense Forces, Border Guard, and the Strategic Reserve Forces, according to a news release from the Yemeni embassy in Washington. The Land Forces command will oversee seven regional commands, and the Strategic Reserve Forces will include the recently established presidential protective brigades, the new missile defense command and the new special operations command, the release said. A top presidential aide told CNN that the restructuring needed to take place quickly if Yemen was to go forward. "We are working towards a unified army under a unified leadership, and this needs to take place now," the presidential aide said, asking to remain anonymous due to the sensitivity of the issue. The changes came as protests continued in front of Hadi's residence. Demonstrators said they wouldn't participate in the upcoming National Dialogue Conference unless Saleh's relatives and loyalists who hold key military and security posts are removed. Yemeni officials have been hoping all the political factions in the country would meet at the conference. President of Yemen visits White House . Youth activists celebrated in Change Square on Wednesday, calling the latest decrees a clear victory for reformists and those seeking democracy. "We support these decisive military decisions, and a major part of our demands have finally been accepted," said Khaled al-Anesi, a leading activist among the first to publicly call for restructuring the military. "After the removal of Saleh aides, we will seek justice for those who were killed by the previous regime," he added. Hadi took power in February as part of a Gulf Cooperation Council-backed deal that forced Saleh to trade his position for immunity after a year of political unrest destabilized the country. A United Nations envoy remains in Yemen to help with the transition. CNN's Mohammed Jamjoom reported on this story from Beirut, Hakim Almasmari reported on this story from Sanaa, Yemen, and Mark Morgenstein wrote it in Atlanta.Three astronauts successfully reached the International Space Station this morning, where their six-month mission will include taking the Olympic torch on its first spacewalk. The arrival of American Michael Hopkins and Russians Oleg Kotov and Sergei Ryazansky after a six-hour journey returns the station to its full, six-member live-aboard crew. Cosmonauts Kotov and Ryazansky will next month carry the Olympic torch into open space as part of the relay of the Olympic flame ahead of February's Winter Games in the Russian resort of Sochi. Scroll down for video . Mike Hopkins, Sergey Ryazanskiy and Oleg Kotov (foreground, left to right) were welcomed aboard the orbiter by Commander Fyodor Yurchikhin, rear centre, and Flight Engineers Karen Nyberg, left, and Luca Parmitano . The Soyuz capsule, upper right, carrying three astronauts is shown in its final approach to the International Space Station this morning, after it blasted off from a launchpad in Kazakhstan late last night . The torch will be carried up to the . space station with another mission next month. But safety concerns mean . they will not be able to light it when they carry it into the void. The Olympic torch travels through routes that symbolise human achievement. One . previously flew aboard NASA's now-retired space shuttle Atlantis prior . to the 1996 Olympics, but it has never before been carried outside a . spacecraft. Before that passing milestone however, Hopkins, Kotov and Ryazanskiy face more immediate problems. The skeleton crew they are reinforcing was to have overseen the arrival of a commercial cargo ship carrying vital food supplies to the station this week. But a software problem left the unmanned Cygnus freighter unable to receive navigation data properly from the station, delaying the arrival of its 1,300lbs of food and clothes until no earlier than Saturday. Russia's Soyuz TMA-10M spacecraft blasts off . from the Russian-leased Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan early this . morning, carrying the astronauts to their six-month mission aboard the . space station . The hold up was necessary to avoid a . clash with the arrival of the Soyuz capsule carrying the three new crew . members. Typically, at least 48 hours are needed between spacecraft . dockings. The Cygnus cargo . ship, built and launched by Orbital Sciences with backing from NASA, . blasted off aboard an Antares rocket on September 18 from a new launch . pad on the Virginia coast. Orbital . Sciences said the two orbiting vessels established direct contact early . on Sunday, but the Cygnus rejected some of the data, which interrupted . the entire rendezvous. The problem was traced to a difference in data format in the navigation systems of the two spacecraft, the company said. Hopkins, Kotov and Ryazanskiy blasted in a Soyuz capsule off from a launchpad in Kazakhstan last . night, reaching the space station's Russian Poisk research module at . 2.45am GMT. They were . welcomed by Russia's Fyodor Yurchikhin, NASA's Karen Nyberg and Italy's . Luca Parmitano, who have been on the orbiting lab since May. Hopkins, pictured left before the launch, told his mother after arriving at the space station that the journey there 'was a pretty good ride'. Left, the intrepid trio wave as they climb the steps into the Soyuz module . Despite the restocking problems, new arrival Hopkins was upbeat about his mission. During a prelaunch press conference on Tuesday he said: 'As a crew we're very excited to be up there when Cygnus rendezvous and docks and (we're) looking forward to opening that hatch.' He and Ryazanskiy are space rookies making their first flights. Kotov, who will take over command of the station when his compatriot Yurchikhin leaves in November, has made two previous long-duration missions on the station. During their five-month stay, Kotov and Ryazanskiy are scheduled to make three spacewalks, the first of which will include taking the unlit Olympic torch outside the airlock. 'Our goal here is to make it look spectacular,' Kotov, speaking through a translator, told reporters. Kotov added: 'We'd like to showcase our Olympic torch in space. We will try to do it in a beautiful manner. Millions of people will see it live on TV and they will see the station and see how we work.' The torch is scheduled to be delivered to the station on Nov. 6 by the next crew launching to the outpost. Yurchikhin, Nyberg and Parmitano will then bring it back to Earth when they return home four days later so the traditional torch relay can continue. 'Unfortunately we cannot light it in space so we will simply take it to space and take pictures and some video with the station and the Earth in the background,' Ryazanskiy said in a prelaunch NASA interview. An artist rendering of Cygnus spacecraft . approaching the International Space Station. The supply mission containing 1,300lbs of food and gear was . forced to delay its rendezvous after a communications glitch . Shortly after entering the station today, Hopkins, Kotov and Ryazansky had a chat via a video-link with their families back at the Baikonur launch pad where they had seen them off more than eight hours before. Radiant but visibly tired, the astronauts were yawning as they were talking to their families. They had been up for about 20 hours. Hopkins' mother described the launch as a 'heart-stopping experience.' 'It was a pretty good ride, mom. It was a lot of fun,' Hopkins replied in the live broadcast on NASA TV.A couple that had been married for 69 years will now get the chance to spend eternity together. Giuseppe and Livia Fortuna of Stamford, Connecticut had a fairy tale romance, falling in love in Rome and getting married shortly before the end World War II, later having four children. They moved to Stamford in the 60s and, tragically, 91-year-old Giuseppe passed away on Saturday. So in love: Giuseppe and Livia Fortuna, who met in Rome and were married for 69 years . Eternal love: After Giuseppe passed away on Saturday, Livia died less than an hour later . Something shocking happened shortly after however, when his bride of 69 years, Livia, passed away less than an hour later. They had both been living together at the Smith House Health Care Center. It was from a 'broken heart' her family members told the San Francisco Chronicle. 'My mother was in shock to hear that my father had just died. She couldn't breathe and she was having a fit, even though she was on oxygen,' said Giuliana DiGeronimo, the couple's daughter. 'At the nursing home, everyone said they were angels. Everybody used to say how much they loved each other and how my father was always trying to help my mother.' The couple's other daughter, Angela Munzenmaier, was actually on the phone with her mother when her father died, and had to deliver the horrible news. Li9felong love: Family members say Livia died of a 'broken heart' 'I told her she needed to be strong and that my dad had passed away. She started screaming his name and didn't want to talk and hung up the phone,' Munzenmaier said. Soon after, her brother got the call that their mother too had passed. 'They yelled and screamed at each other almost every day, but I think it was because they liked making up so much,' Munzenmaier said. 'My mom was feisty. She wouldn't let my father get away with anything,'They say that pets become more and more like their owners as time goes by. So it should come as no surprise then that, like his master, Larry the Downing Street cat is himself fond of a little ‘chillaxing’ now and then. And on a day when Britain basked in the hottest day of the year so far, with temperatures reaching a sizzling 27c (81f), who could blame him. Taking it easy: Larry the Downing Street had more of a reputation for chillaxing outside on the pavement than catching mice - until now . Stretched out in the Midday sun the brown and white tabby slumped down on his side and took a well-deserved cat nap just a few feet from the door of Number 10. Larry, a rescue cat from Battersea Dogs and Cats Home, was given the title of Chief Mouser to the Cabinet and was chosen by Downing Street staff to tackle a growing rat problem last year. But since his arrival he appears to lack the killer instinct and instead of boasting an impressive kill ratio Larry has become better known for his...sleeping. He may not have to worry about the eurozone crisis or hauling Britain out of recession, but that didn't stop Larry seemingly neglecting his rat catching duties when he soaked up the sun yesterday. Is David Cameron too 'chillaxed' to run the country? Is David Cameron too 'chillaxed' to run the country? Now share your opinion . David Cameron attracted some criticism for his own 'chillaxing' last week following claims in a biography that he spends weekends at Chequers singing karaoke, playing tennis against a machine dubbed ‘The Clegger’ and downing several glasses of wine with lunch. His latest afternoon snooze came as Britain baked. After the wettest April on record and perhaps the coldest start to May in 70 years the mercury is finally beginning to move in the right direction. Sunseekers poured onto the country’s beaches whilst others headed into the garden for a spot of sunbathing. Creature comforts: Larry, pictured last year, appears to enjoy a cat nap as much as any other feline . Those at the Chelsea Flower Show were left wilting whilst one man and his dinghy floated out to sea in South Devon sparking a major rescue operation. Incredibly Britain was hotter than parts of Australia, South America, Africa and the Middle East. It also left most of the Mediterranean in the shade. And the temperature is expected to rise even further today (thurs). Forecasters said it could reach up to 28c (xxf) in the south and south east - and best of all, the glorious sunshine and blue skies are here to stay for at least a fortnight. Met Office forecaster Helen Chivers said: ‘It is bikini and ice cream weather for almost the whole country. Distracted: The preoccupied Prime Minister attracted criticism for his supposed 'chillaxing' style when pictured watching the end of the Champions League final . Running talks: Earlier in this week's G8 summit talks at Camp David, Mr Cameron and President Obama staged a 35-minute 'treadmill summit' side by side at the gym . ‘Pretty much everywhere has temperatures in the 20s Celsius and wall-to-wall sunshine. ‘In recent weeks we had low pressure over or close to the UK, bringing rain and cold temperatures. ‘Over the last couple of days, that has given way to high pressure, sunny weather and rising temperatures from the Continent.’ At 26.9c (80.4f) yesterday (wed) was the hottest day of the year, but it is expected to get even hotter today (thurs). It will be 28c and sunny in London. Summer sun: Larry's sunbathing session came as the rest of the UK enjoyed a gloriously hot May, including here in Aviemore, Scotland, where temperatures reached 26.9C . Basking: Rhianna Mallia, 18, and Louise Dougherty, 21, were just two of the many people who enjoyed the sun in Aviemore, which posted the hottest temperatures of the year in the UK yesterday . Bizarrely, the highest temperature was not recorded in the south but in the Scottish ski resort of Aviemore. It also hit 26.9c (80.4f) at London’s Heathrow Airport, 25.9c (78.6f) on Bournemouth’s beaches and 25.6c (78.1f) in London’s St James’s Park. Supermarkets reported a surge in sales of sausages, burgers and summer tipple Pimms as well as picnic treats such as pork pies. Five million sausages - 70 per cent more than normal - are expected to fly off supermarket shelves over the weekend as the country makes the most of the mini heatwave. Not the only one: Larry the cat was one of many who decided to kick back yesterday, including angler Arthur Cansfield in the Lake District . Asda also predicts it will sell one million burgers, half a million bags of salad - 20 per cent more than in a normal week - as well as a 115 per cent increase in burger bun sales. Chris Carden, Asda’s head of fresh food supply, said: ‘We have already seen rising sales throughout the week of typical BBQ fare such as burgers and sausages but with the mini heatwave expected to continue into the weekend, we’re expecting it to be one of the biggest we’ve ever seen for barbecue foods.’ Only days ago the country endured temperatures up to 4c colder than the average for this time of year. Ironically, the sweltering weather comes amid a relaxation of the hosepipe ban which was imposed by seven water companies on April 5 after months of drought only for it to rain almost non-stop for the rest of the month. Meanwhile, the arrival of the sun saw betting firm Ladbrokes slash the odds of the temperature soaring past 39c (103f) during the Jubilee weekend from 20/1 to just 8/1. Jessica Bridge of Ladbrokes said: ‘It finally looks like summer has arrived, and the odds suggest the Jubilee weekend could be a scorcher.’(CNN) -- Petra Kvitova produced another scintillating showing to book her place in the final of the Dubai Open Friday. The World No.8 defeated Caroline Wozniacki 6-3 6-4 to set up a clash for the title against Italy's Sara Errani. The Czech star has beaten three top 12 opponents in succession and will now compete in her first final in sixth months. Azarenka out of Dubai Open . "I'm really glad how I played today - it was a great match," Kvitova told the WTA official website. "We are different players. She tries to put the balls back, and I'm the person who is playing aggressively and going for the winners. "So what happens in the match really depends on if I'm missing a lot or no, and I played well today. "The atmosphere here is really nice. I enjoyed every moment today and I'm happy I'm in the final." Williams follows Azarenka in quitting Dubai . Wozniacki, who won the tournament two years ago, showed glimpses of quality, but failed to deal with the forceful nature of Kvitova's attack. "She just went for every shot and hit it deep, and I came under pressure straightaway," Wozniacki added. "I thought I served well, though. In the second set I think I had my chances, and I probably should have taken them but I didn't. "You never know what could have happened in the third set but there was still a long way to go. At the end of the day, she played a very good match out there. "Petra's a player that when she's on fire, she's on fire and she wins a lot of matches." Vinci and Errani to meet in Dubai . Meanwhile, World No.7 Errani defeated her doubles partner Robert Vinci 6-3 6-3 following an hour and 23 minute battle. "It's tough to play against one person who knows what you're going to do with every shot," she told the WTA website. Errani will go into the final as favorite having won each of her three previous meetings against Kvitova without dropping a set. But Kvitova believes she has every chance of springing a surprise Saturday. "We've played a few times, but she's a Top 10 player," she added. "She has a good forehand with big spin and is quite fast on the backhand. "She moves very well, too. She has had great results in the past and played quite well today, and she beat Petrova yesterday too. She's a very tough opponent. "I think it will be a really tough match tomorrow." At the U.S Indoor Tennis Championships, Germany's Sabine Lisicki will face Marina Erakovic of New Zealand in Saturday's final. Lisicki, who is aiming to win a fourth WTA tour title, defeated Magdalena Rybarikova in the semifinals 7-5 7-5, while Erakovic defeated Switzerland's Stefanie Voegele 6-2 6-4. Elsewhere, home favorite Jo-Wilfried Tsonga booked his place in the semifinals of the Marseille Open following a 4-6 6-3 7-6 win over Australia's Bernard Tomic. "I felt I was playing better than him, but there were some holes in my game," Tsonga told reporters. "I am happy to get through because it was very, very tense." Tsonga, who will meet fellow countryman Gilles Simon in the last four, fought off five match points before claiming victory. Simon overcame Argentina's Juan Martin del Potro, who won last week's Rotterdam Open, 6-4 6-3 with the second seed needing treatment on a thigh injury. In the other semifinal, Russian qualifier Dmitry Tursonov will face top seed Tomas Berdych. Tursunov saw off Gilles Muller of Luxembourg 7-6 1-6 7-5, while Czech star Berdych overcame Poland's Jerzy Janowicz 6-3 6-7 6-3.Thomas Cook Airlines will operate a weekly flight between Glasgow and the American city next summer. The airline said it was introducing the service following a series of one-off flights to the US in recent summers. It will operate between 4 May and 31 October next year, using the airline's Airbus A330 fleet. Christoph Debus, chief executive of Thomas Cook Airlines, said: "It's fantastic news that we are able to start a regular flight to Las Vegas next summer as a result of the great support and feedback we've received when we've operated individual flights to the US. "It's great news for holidaymakers, too, that they now have even more choice when looking for long-haul flights from Glasgow to this increasingly popular destination." Glasgow Airport welcomed news of the new route. Commercial director Francois Bourienne said: "Las Vegas attracts tens of millions of visitors every year and this will be the first time Scotland will have had a regular service to what is often referred to as the entertainment capital of the world. "Not only is Thomas Cook's decision to introduce a weekly service to Las Vegas for the duration of the 2015 summer season excellent news for Glasgow Airport and our customers, it further strengthens our already extensive long-haul offering." The airline has also announced an additional flight to Tunisia with flights available three times a week in the summer of 2015.By . Adam Shergold . PUBLISHED: . 14:39 EST, 5 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 07:18 EST, 6 November 2012 . It's usually a peaceful, very English county town - but tonight Lewes in East Sussex is aflame with its annual Bonfire Night celebrations. Tens of thousands lined the streets in the small market town to watch the fiery procession, which traces its roots to the 16th century reign of Mary I and the Guy Fawkes Gunpowder Plot of 1605. It is just one of many November 5 gatherings up and down the country, with the night sky illuminated by colourful pyrotechnics. While some will strike lucky with the weather, others won't be so fortunate as their fireworks displays are spoilt by torrential rain. Temperatures are expected to plummet close to freezing, making this the coldest Bonfire Night in 14 years. Scroll down for video . March of the flaming crosses: Lewes residents lined the streets in their hundreds to watch the procession of 17 flaming crosses to represent the Protestant martyrs burnt at the stake in the town in the 16th century . Spectacular show: Participants in the parade hold flaming torches to light up the chilly night air. Forecasters said tonight will be the coldest November 5 for over a decade . Religious connection: The flame procession in Lewes has its roots in the 16th century. In previous years, 80,000 people have lined the streets to watch as many as 3,000 marchers brandishing torches . All ages: Young participants in the festivities, which also link to the infamous Guy Fawkes Gunpowder Plot against the Houses of Parliament in 1605 . Step back in time: The shops and buildings on the main streets of Lewes may have changed, but this is one annual tradition that holds strong . Showpiece: Crowds and marchers gathered around the Lewes war memorial to light crosses. An effigy of Guy Fawkes, who died in 1606 after an unsuccessful attempt to blow up Parliament, is also burnt . The procession, organised annually by six local societies, traces its roots to the 16th century and marks a tumultuous time in English history. A key part of the parade is seventeen flaming crosses, one for each of the Protestant martyrs burnt at the stake in the town between 1555 and 1557 as part of the Marian Prosecutions. The purge was initiated by the Roman Catholic monarch Queen Mary, who reigned between 1553 and 1558, and passed strict anti-Protestant legislation against anyone guilty of heresy against the Pope. Smoky: This marcher seemed to be creating his own trail of thick red smoke as he made his way through the streets of Lewes . Ritual: Crowds cluster round as dozens of marchers with burning torches perform a ceremony . Burn him! The effigy of Guy Fawkes is carried through the streets to be set alight . Spooky: Halloween may have been last week but there were still plenty of scary characters in the parade . At least three hundred were martyred in just five years - many meeting a fiery end on the stake and others hung, drawn and quartered. It is just a part of a number of parades and displays of pyrotechnics in the town - which can attract as many as 80,000 despite the place only having a population of 16,000. An effigy of Guy Fawkes, who died in 1606 a year after an unsuccessful plot to blow up the Houses of Parliament with Gunpowder. The Lewes event has previously courted controversy - in 2001, an effigy of Osama Bin Laden attracted national attention, as did the 2003 choice of a gypsy caravan. A fiery history: The seventeen flaming crosses in the parade represent the 17 martyrs who were burnt at the stake in Lewes as part of the Marian persecutions against Protestants in the reign of Mary I . History lesson: The Lewes Bonfire Night celebrations mark, in part, the Marian Persecutions of 1555-1557, a purge of Protestant religious reformers during the reign of Roman Catholic monarch Mary I. Heresy against the Catholic faith was punishable by death, with some burnt at the stake, as in Lewes, and other hung, drawn and quartered . While the flames remained alight in Lewes, others in the country saw their Bonfire Night pyrotechnics washed out by heavy rain. A number of fireworks displays were cancelled after heavy deluges of rain caused flash flooding in Dorset, Devon, Somerset and Wiltshire the worst affected. It follows the cancellation of a number of large displays over the weekend, including one in Newham, East London and in the Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire. In all, the Environment Agency issued seven flood warning in England and Wales on Monday morning, covering areas of the South-West, South-East, East Anglia, the Midlands and Wales.There were also 53 flood alerts in operation .In Carmarthenshire, nine adults and six children had to be rescued from a caravan park as flood waters rose on Sunday evening. The Mid and West Wales fire and rescue service used a boat as part of their operation at the Pendine Caravan Park. Flaming! Two of the marchers taking part in the annual Bonfire Night celebrations in Lewes, the county town of East Sussex, this evening. Dressed in vivid, blood-red costumes and brandishing burning torches, they are participating in an event which can trace its origins to the Gunpowder Plot of 1605 and the burning of 17 martyrs at the stake in the town in the period 1555-1557 . Clear message: Preparations in Lewes have been underway all weekend, with banners hung above the streets followed by the procession . Bournemouth saw the most rainfall in the UK, with 30mm falling in just 24 hours from 5pm on Saturday. The Dorset town would usually expect to receive 100mm of rain in the entire month of November. In Essex, the River Roding burst its banks after a severe downpour, while much of the Westcountry saw water levels rise. But in the Lake District, early risers were treated to a spectacular show of nature as fog shrouded the water and trees and snow glistened on the higher peaks. Dwarfed: Walkers on Latrigg early on Monday morning appear so insignificant against this stunning backdrop - though their view of Derwentwater and the other lakes beneath was totally obscured by mist . Meanwhile, Robbie Williams took the . stage in front of thousands of shoppers to switch on Oxford Street's . Christmas lights on Monday evening. He was joined by Leona Lewis and . boyband Lawson to turn on the 300,000 lightbulbs which make up this . year's display on the popular London shopping street. Grand switch-on: Thousands braved freezing conditions to cram Oxford Street as Robbie Williams turned on the Christmas lights on Monday evening . It's that time of year again: A close-up of some of the Christmas lights suspended above Oxford Street . Press the button: Robbie Williams is joined by competition winners to switch on the Oxford Street lights . VIDEO: Spectacular! Torchbearers light up Lewes in anti-papist parade .(CNN) -- Bordeaux clinched the French league title with a 1-0 win over Caen on a dramatic final day of the season. Bordeaux's fans celebrate their first French league title in 10 years. Laurent Blanc's men were ending Lyon's seven-year hold on the domestic championship and winning Bordeaux's first title in 10 years. A goal from Yoan Gouffran early in the second half secured their 11th straight win and their second trophy of the season having won the French League Cup in April. The defeat saw Caen drop to the second flight and kept Bordeaux three points clear of second-placed Marseille who won 4-0 at home to Rennes to keep up the pressure to the last. Senegal international striker Mamadou Niang scored twice with Ivory Coast star Bakari Kone also on target, but it was not enough. Lyon closed their season with a 0-0 draw at Toulouse and their third place finish secures a place in the qualifying round for the Champions League. Once mighty Nantes also went down despite a 2-1 win over Auxerre, but St.Etienne stayed up with a 4-0 win over Valenciennes. In the Spanish Primera Liga, Atletico Madrid thrashed Almeria 3-0 to clinch a spot in the Champions League next season. Diego Forlan all but sealed the honor of finishing top scorer in the league with the opener for Atletico, his 32nd of the season, by rounding off the scoring for Atletico. Sergio Aguero, reportedly a target for Premier League Chelsea, gave them a 19th-minute lead with Raul Garcia scoring the second. The win draws Atletico level on points with third placed Sevilla, who close their season, but staying two points clear of fifth-placed Villarreal, 3-2 winners over Real Mallorca in their final match. European champions Barcelona, who had already clinched the Spanish title, finished their season with a 1-1 draw at Deportivo La Coruna. Rodolfo Bodipo put Depo ahead in the first half with Samuel Eto'o equalizing with a minute left. It leaves Barcelona with a record tally of 87 points from 38 points, well clear of arch-rivals and deposed champions Real Madrid. Besiktas won the Turkish league title with a 2-1 win over Denizlispor as nearest rivals Sivasspor lost 2-1 to last year's champions Galatasaray. It was the 11th championship for Besiktas, but first since 2003. They also won the Turkish Cup.CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — A large shark was killed off the west Australian coast on Sunday, the first under a contentious new state government culling policy aimed at curbing fatal shark attacks. The Western Australia government on Saturday began placing baited hooks on drum lines off popular beaches in the state capital Perth and to the south to kill white, bull and tiger sharks over three meters (10 feet) long. The policy is a response to seven fatal shark attacks in Australia's southwest in three years. Government spokesman Simon Beaumont said the first shark was killed by a government-contracted commercial fisherman on Sunday morning off Castle Rock near the town of Dunsborough, 250 kilometers (155 miles) south of Perth. The shark was longer than three meters (10 feet) and was one of the three targeted species. Beaumont would not say which of the three species it was. Once the fisherman had confirmed with fishing authorities that the shark was the required species and size, he shot it and dumped the carcass at sea, Beaumont said. The policy has divided the community since it was announced several weeks ago and led to thousands of people demonstrating on Perth beaches against the shark cull. Activists have threatened to sabotage the drum lines and threatened one fisherman who had accepted a government contract to catch sharks off Perth. He pulled out, citing the threats. The federal government last week gave state authorities a special exemption from environmental laws to kill white sharks, a protected species. Environmentalists argue that there is no evidence that the cull will reduce shark attacks. They argue it could even increase the shark danger by giving water users a false sense of security. "To think that we're wasting this opportunity to tag and to find out more about these creatures, that we're just going to slaughter them and dump them — it's just such a waste of life," Rae Threnoworth, member of marine conservation group Sea Shepherd, told Ten Network television. State Premier Colin Barnett was heckled by members of the public over the shark's death as he officiated at a citizenship ceremony in Perth on Sunday. "I get no pleasure out of seeing sharks killed," Barnett told reporters. "But I have an overriding responsibility to protect the people of Western Australia. That's what I'm doing." ||||| The first shark is caught under the drum line policy. Pictures: Sharon Smith/The West Australian Premier Colin Barnett says he gets no pleasure at seeing sharks killed but his responsibility as Premier was the safety of beachgoers. Speaking today after the first shark was caught and kill under the State Government's drum line policy, Mr Barnett said he was pleased the shark mitigation plan was underway and that it would reduce the risk to beachgoers. The shark, which appeared to be a 3m tiger shark, was pulled from the water shortly after 7am on a drum-line off Meelup Beach near Dunsborough. It was shot in the head up to four times at close range. Yesterday afternoon, amid pressure from the Government for the policy to come into force in time for the Australia Day long weekend, several lines were set either side of Dunsborough. Despite fierce opposition and repeated claims of "direct action", environmental activists have not intervened. The shark has been dumped off Cape Naturaliste. The first of the baited hooks was set around Old Dunsborough beach at 2.25pm yesterday. Mr Barnett said he was not surprised how quickly a shark was caught under the new shark mitigation plan. “There are a lot of sharks down there,” he said. “Anecdotal evidence is sufficiently strong that there has been a significant increase in the shark population and even more aggressive behaviour by sharks. “Until we can provide that protection and safety, the program will continue on." Mr Barnett was heckled at a citizenship ceremony this morning where a person in the crowd yelled that "what you're doing with the sharks is wrong". He appeared undeterred by recent protests about the shark policy. “I respect and acknowledge and people have different points of view and there are protestors, but my responsibility as Premier is the safety of beachgoers,” he said. “I get no pleasure at seeing sharks killed but I have an overriding responsibility to protect the people of Western Australia and that’s what I’m doing.” “When you have sharks of three, four, five metres long of known aggressive varieties, swimming in the water very close to beachgoers, that is imminent danger and reluctantly I have had to take that decision.” Under the policy, baited drum lines are to be set 1km off the coast in Perth and the South West to catch great white, tiger and bull sharks bigger than 3m in length. The first shark caught is strapped to the boat and will be towed out to sea and dumped. Picture: Sharon Smith/The West Australian Sea Shepherd's Jeff Hansen said the shark was “believed to be a beautiful tiger shark” more than three metres long. The fisherman contracted to catch and kill in the South West will also lay the lines at beaches in Meelup, Castle Rock and Gracetown. Earlier yesterday, a document appeared on the Department of Transport website implying metropolitan drum lines would also be in place by Monday. It's my duty to protect beachgoers: Barnett | Drum lines 'keep State safe' | FULL COVERAGE Picture: Sharon Smith "Mariners are advised that a number of Government of Western Australia shark drum lines have been deployed within 1km offshore of the following metropolitan and regional areas and will remain in place until April 30,” it said. The notice, due to be published in The West Australian on Monday, has since been changed. A spokesman acknowledged the error and said the wording had been corrected to include the words “will soon be deployed in the metropolitan region”. "The fact remains, baited drum lines will be placed at popular metropolitan beaches as soon as possible, and mariners need to be advised there are exclusion zones around these deployments,” he said. Picture: Rob Scott/7 News Labor spokeswoman Sue Ellery said it was another example of the Government botching the implementation of the policy. “All they have done today is confuse mariners with the notice on the Department of Transport website,” she said. “If the lines are eventually ever actually dropped in the metropolitan area, how will metro boat users know which notice to believe?” Conservationists are reportedly in Dunsborough today and are preparing to free any animals that are caught by the drum lines. It is believed about 20 people from conservation group Animal Rescue Team are in the area with scuba diving equipment and an inflatable boat. The Government yesterday announced the shark barrier designed to protect beachgoers at Old Dunsborough beach had been completed. The $165,000 barrier, based on those used on the Gold Coast to prevent bull shark attacks, has been built as part of the City of Busselton’s beach enclosure trial. The enclosure has six metal piles drilled into the seabed supporting a 100m x 300m mesh barrier. |||||The allegations came to light after Scott Rogers, 52, a former dance academy teacher in Suffolk, was shot at his home in Iberville, Louisiana. Two British men have told a US radio station they were abused by Mr Rogers. Computers and mobile phones have been seized from Mr Rogers' house as part of the investigation into his death. The Iberville sheriff's office said the WAFB-TV presenter was thought to have been shot by former lover Mathew Hodgkinson - also his son-in-law - who they believe then shot himself in the head. Mr Hodgkinson, 36, who was married to Mr Rogers' daughter Kimmie, remains in hospital in an induced coma but has started to show signs of life. On Tuesday he was seen to move and deputies are confident he has brain activity, reports WBRZ News 2. Following Mr Rogers' death, two men gave an interview with the Jim Engster Radio Show on WRKF in Baton Rouge alleging they were repeatedly sexually abused by the dance teacher as children. One said he was aware of allegations made against Mr Rogers by the age of 12 and said he began becoming "intimate" with him when he was 13. "The truth is... when I met that man I was 12 years old... he was introducing concepts like love to me, through sex he was informing my understanding of physical intimacy," the man said. "He would guide me in how to speak to my parents on what to say to people. The man said he heard about Mr Rogers' death while waiting to testify before a grand jury over information supplied to the US authorities by the TV host. Mr Rogers is thought to have failed to declare the fact he had been arrested in the UK when applying to become a foster parent in the US. A second British man told the radio show that Mr Rogers was "a master manipulator, an expert at brainwashing". He said: "He is the worst predatory paedophile that you could imagine and when you are a child and you are faced with that type of monster with that type of intelligent mind, you don't stand a chance." Sheriff Brett Stassi, of Iberville police, told the BBC: "My concern is just with the murder-suicide at this time. "If some of these computers or phones open up to some child pornography or something we'll go in that direction - but we have no evidence of that as this time. "All I can say is the life he left in the UK was among a conversation of sexual abuse - but not here. "It was only before the continued custody hearing we heard for the first time why he left the UK." The abuse is alleged to have happened in the UK in the early 1990s. Mr Rogers, then 28, was arrested by Suffolk Police following an allegation of sexual assault against a 13-year-old boy in June 1991 at the Bury St Edmunds Academy of Dance, Suffolk Police said. In May 1992, he was charged with a number of sex offences and in June 1993 stood trial at the Inner London Crown Court, where a jury failed to reach a verdict. The judge discharged the jury and no retrial took place, meaning Mr Rogers was acquitted. He left the UK in the mid-1990s after an arts academy he founded in Bury St Edmunds was likened to a "cult". In 1995, BBC Look East reported that Suffolk County Council had "taken the unusual step" of issuing a warning to parents about the Academy of Dance and Performing Arts in Bury St Edmunds. There were claims of an "unhealthy atmosphere" similar to "a religious or supposedly religious cult" at the school founded by Mr Rogers, the East Anglian Daily Times has reported. A Suffolk County Council spokeswoman said the council "was made aware before the fatal incident that services in Baton Rouge were investigating Richard Scott Rogers". "Suffolk County Council and Suffolk Police are supporting and assisting those services," she said. "We will be keeping this matter under review and if anyone would like to make contact about this case you can do by calling Suffolk Police."This week, the U.S. Navy forsook a tradition dating back to the 1800s. Why? Because it's now too easily confused with the musings of an Internet lunatic. Naval commanders this week announced that they would be getting rid of a rule that all official communications should be in all-caps. It's a tradition dating to the 1850s, when the military used teletype machines that didn't have lowercase letters. The change is meant to simplify communication and is supposed to save the Navy $15 million because it can get rid of a dedicated messaging service and use regular old e-mail instead. But we have to think not wanting to sound like you're shouting at someone who SAID SOMETHING WRONG ON THE INTERNET played a role, too. The most gentle message can come across as psychotically aggressive when typed in all caps. So as the Navy transitions, we decided to round up five of our favorite examples of all-cap craziness. The Kanye mea culpa . Perhaps it's not a rant, as such. (Though he's certainly been no stranger to them). But we had to go with the time Kanye West slammed down the caps lock to apologize, on his blog, for his infamous stage-bombing of Taylor Swift at the 2009 Video Music Awards. "I'M SOOOOO SORRY TO TAYLOR SWIFT AND HER FANS AND HER MOM. I SPOKE TO HER MOTHER RIGHT AFTER AND SHE SAID THE SAME THING MY MOTHER WOULD'VE SAID. SHE IS VERY TALENTED! I LIKE THE LYRICS ABOUT BEING A CHEERLEADER AND SHE'S IN THE BLEACHERS! ........................ I'M IN THE WRONG FOR GOING ON STAGE AND TAKING AWAY FROM HER MOMENT!................." Of course, in the grand tradition of half-apologies, he spends several of his remaining loud sentences justifying the moment he interrupted Swift's acceptance speech to say that Beyonce should have won instead of her. "BEYONCE'S VIDEO WAS THE BEST OF THIS DECADE!!!! I... WELCOME TO THE REAL WORLD!!!! EVERYBODY WANNA BOOOOO ME BUT I'M A FAN OF REAL POP CULTURE!!! ... I'M STILL HAPPY FOR TAYLOR!!!! BOOOYAAAWWWW!!!! YOU ARE VERY VERY TALENTED!!! ... I'M NOT CRAZY YALL, I'M JUST REAL." Gotcha. The Bakery flame-out . Having your restaurant appear on "Gordon Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares" is bad enough. Having the host quit on you because you're too hard to work with is even worse. Flaming out about it on Facebook in a series of profanity-laced all-caps outbursts? Priceless. Amy's Baking Company, in Scottsdale, Arizona, experienced just that last month after appearing on the show with the famously acerbic chef. So, after the show aired, the smart thing to do would be to take to social media to calmly explain how your restaurant was misrepresented, right? Or, you can try this: . "WE DO NOT NEED THIS. YOU STUPID PEOPLE. ... DO NOT BLAME US BECAUSE YOU CAN NOT AFFORD QUALITY. THE YELPERS, AND NOW THE REDDITS, NEED TO BACK OFF. YOURE NOT RIGHT BECAUSE OF SOME TV SHOW." A Facebook freakout? Wrong you are, apparently: . "WE ARE NOT FREAKING OUT WE DO NOT CARE ABOUT A 'WITCH HUNT' I AM NOT A WITCH. I AM GODS CHILD. P--- OFF ALL OF YOU. F--- REDDITS, F--- YELP AND F--- ALL OF YOU. BRING IT. WE WILL FIGHT BACK." Believe us when we tell you they were just getting started. Things got so bad that Amy's has since created a new Facebook page. Nearly a month later, let's just say that it's still not polite coffee talk. The Comic Sans LeBron slam . Cleveland Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert's 2010 open letter to fans after LeBron James left the team for the shores of South Beach is mainly remembered for another typographical choice. His fiery screed was typed in Comic Sans -- an Internet-reviled font that is sort of hard to read without giggling. But it was the single sentence he decided to go all-caps with that makes this list: . "I PERSONALLY GUARANTEE THAT THE CLEVELAND CAVALIERS WILL WIN AN NBA CHAMPIONSHIP BEFORE THE SELF-TITLED FORMER 'KING' WINS ONE" As you NBA fans may have noted, James already has one title under his belt with the Miami Heat and he's currently in the finals playing for number two. The Cavs? Still waiting. I'll tweet you, babe . OK, Cher, we get it. Donald Trump rubs a lot of people the wrong way. From the tone-deaf self-promotion to the strident political views, Mr. Apprentice has mixed it up with everyone from irreverent sports blog Deadspin to CNN's own Wolf Blitzer. So when the pop-music icon caught on to an effort to boycott Trump's line of neckties, she was so worked up she had to do it in all-caps. "I'll NEVER GO TO MACY'S AGAIN! I didn't know they sold Donald Trump's Line! If they don't care that they sell products from a LOUDMOUTH," Cher wrote on Twitter. Then: "RACIST CRETIN,WHO'D LIE LIKE 'HIS RUG' TO GET SOME CHEAP PRESS! I CANT BELIEVE MACY'S THINKS HE'S THE RIGHT 'MAN' 2 REPRESENT THEIR NAME!" Say what you will about The Donald. At least he didn't resort to all-caps in his response. "@cher should spend more time focusing on her family and dying career!" Trump wrote. We didn't say it was classy. Just that it wasn't in all-caps. Drunk Hulk Is drunk . OK, we didn't say they were the worst all-caps rants. Just the top ones. And it's hard to top an enormous green rage monster who has knocked back a few too many. Twitter's Drunk Hulk, one of our favorite parody accounts, tweets sort of exactly like you'd imagine a witty, pre-intervention Hulk would tackle the topics of the day. On government surveillance: "IT GREAT GOVERNMENT RECORD EVERY PHONE CALL! NOW DRUNK HULK FIND OUT WHAT WAS SAID WHEN DRUNK HULK CALL YOU LAST NIGHT!" On really sad fantasy epics: "GAME OF THRONES! GO TO YOUR ROOM! AND THINK ABOUT WHAT YOU DONE!" On a Billy Joel classic: "IF YOU SEE MAN MAKING LOVE TO TONIC AND GIN AT BAR! NO SING SONG ABOUT IT! CALL POLICE IMMEDIATELY!" His whole Twitter feed is an all-caps rant. And we're not going to tell him to stop, are you? What did we miss? Let us know about some of your favorite rants in the comments.Roy Hodgson's side are in pot one with Wales and Northern Ireland in pot four. If the Republic of Ireland win their play-off they will be in pot three or pot four, depending on other results. A potential group is England, Euro 2012 finalists Italy, the Czech Republic and Wales or Northern Ireland. The seedings are based on Uefa's national team coefficient rankings, which includes past records in tournaments. The other top seeds for the finals are holders Spain, hosts France, world champions Germany, Portugal and Belgium, who are set to become the number one team in Fifa's rankings. Bosnia and Herzegovina, Ukraine, Sweden and Hungary are the seeds in the play-off draw, which takes place on Sunday. The Republic of Ireland, Denmark, Norway and Slovenia are their possible opponents in the two-legged deciders, which will be played between 12 and 17 November. The draw for the finals takes place on 12 December.(CNN) -- Sheryl Sandberg wants young girls to "ban bossy," but for those of us soon-to-graduate, just-graduated and will-I-ever-graduate ladies just entering the working world, there's another word that's even more toxic. That word is "pushy." At least, that's what my Lean In Circle thinks. A new book by Sandberg, "Lean In: For Graduates," targets women like us, but we were already paying attention. My Circle is all 20-somethings with dreams of media industry success. We wanted our group to exist as a third-wave feminist answer to boys clubs, with their oak-paneled rooms and clouds of cigar smoke. We share job announcements, work dilemmas and interviewing tips and tricks. A guy recently asked me, "Lean In Circle -- is that, like, a book club?" Sort of. Not quite. According to Sandberg's Lean In Foundation, 14,000 Lean In Circles meet regularly around the globe, and we don't just reread "Lean In" over mimosas. Lean In Circles were conceived as "small peer groups that allow you to learn and share in an atmosphere of confidentiality and trust." The Washington Post described the ethos as "Alcoholics Anonymous fused with Girl Scouts," and I have yet to find a more accurate depiction of my particular Circle environment. And so we formed, and rallied around our Circle mission: to sit at the table and push back against "pushy" to find our first jobs. 'Wait your turn' My mom was one of many who cautioned their daughters with the same advice: Wait your turn, don't be pushy. But when I was 22, still in college, interning at a magazine in New York City and illegally subletting a run-down room, that advice just wasn't cutting it anymore. I was one semester away from graduation and the real world, and I was dreading it. One of my internship supervisors jokingly introduced me to a colleague: "This is Julia Carpenter, and she is terrified that she will graduate without a job." It was true. Many of my peers moved back home with their parents to wait out this horrific economy, and unequivocally, they were miserable. Many of my friends in journalism moved to cities like New York or San Francisco and waited months for a job. Some worked multiple part-time jobs to make ends meet, and every day without a lead meant more hope slipping away. When I was reading "Lean In" within the mouse-ridden confines of my apartment, Sandberg's words stoked the long-squelched dreams that had always hovered in the top pages of my journals. As an English major and a journalism student, many of the feminist tenets in "Lean In" weren't new to me, but they also weren't applicable to me yet. She urges women to find supportive significant others who will see a relationship as a partnership, not a trade-off. Many of her stories about the intersection of family planning, motherhood and careerdom didn't have much of an effect. Those were things I'd been reading about in women's studies textbooks for years, examples of how progressive society had helped women out of the home and into the workplace and back. What was new to me was her practical application of these sometimes abstract concepts. For every lesson, Sandberg had a story to share about boardroom drama at Facebook, Google and elsewhere. In my young life, I hadn't had any Peggy Olson moments in which men looked up my skirt in the office or openly critiqued me for being a woman in a college classroom. Instead, Sandberg's vivid depictions of workplace inequality -- of women who were constantly overlooked for the promotion, of female executives too shy to raise their hands in team discussion -- resonated as examples of the gender bias traps still harming women's success. I had been passed on for projects because of reasons like "Why would a girl be interested in politics?" and the word "bitch" had been thrown at me to end a conversation. Sandberg's examples provided simple solutions: Speak with purpose. Sit at the table. Sandberg writes that many women struggle to be bold in workplace. In my case, it was in the world of job hunting. We fear that putting ourselves out there means we will be perceived as "pushy." No one wants to be called that dreaded word just as she's trying to get a job. I realized that not pushing hard enough for the job that I wanted was even scarier than not having a job. I feared that I would be waiting in the wings, clutching my pages-long rÃ©sumÃ© and feeling insecure, as droves of confident, talented men dared to sit at the table. I knew to get that dream job, I was going to have to push forward and sit right beside those guys, just as Sandberg wrote. 'Is there a job there for me?' Closing that confidence gap isn't easy, especially after a lifetime of "Wait your turn." I read that when Sandberg was job hunting -- honestly, more like "job picking" -- then-Google CEO Eric Schmidt gave her some invaluable advice, which ultimately became my guidepost. "Only one criterion matters when picking a job -- fast growth." In my own job hunt, in the midst of interviewing and applying, I found myself playing the same neurotic games many of my female peers have copped to: "Did they even get my application?" "Oh my God, they hated my application" and of course, "Why did I even send in an application, I suck." On the other hand, men send in applications even if they meet just some of the listed qualifications. "I've been really forward (almost to the point of being pushy?) in the last year," a member of our Lean In Circle told me. "But the only consequence there might've been for that is not getting a response to an application." Not all of Sandberg's advice resonated with my Circle. Business cards and job titles don't mean much to us, and unlike many of Sandberg's contemporaries, we've come up in a startup culture that eschews formalism. "A lot of my job search happened over beers, over shared criticisms, over social media interactions," said one member of my Circle. "If I said some of the suggested scripts she uses in the book, the person I was talking to would think I was a robot. When members of my Circle discuss job prospects -- which we're doing ever-more-frequently as members prep for graduation -- the first question we ask isn't "What's the position?" Instead, it's "What would you be doing?" The day before I graduated from college, I received a job offer from the magazine where I had interned while reading "Lean In." The job was awesome. I would be living in a city I loved, working with amazing people and doing something I knew I was good at. But my heart was still set on another opportunity. A member of my Circle had referred me for a sweet spot on the Washington Post's digital engagement team, but after a few rounds of interviews I was still waiting for an answer. "You just have to wait," people told me. My newly Sheryl-fied inner voice said otherwise. I called and explained the situation. "Is there a job there for me?" I remember saying. "We were going to offer you the job tomorrow," my now-boss said. "So -- what are you thinking?" 'That's my girl' At a recent brunch with a college friend, she told me she's happy at her job, but looking for the next step, hopefully a new gig that will allow her to travel and improve her skills. "I want to e-mail these giants in my field to introduce myself and ask about job openings," she said. "But I don't want to. I don't want to impose. They're going to be like 'Who is this girl? Why is she e-mailing me?' And I know my male colleagues wouldn't think twice. They'd send that e-mail." I immediately made a mental note to add her to our Circle. I know my Circle members would say it's an ongoing struggle for women in the workplace, and you have to lean in bit by bit. They're right. If anything else, you need to do it to improve the quality of workplaces for other women, even on the days when the confidence gap thwarts your plans to proceed boldly. So even when I couldn't find a connection with Sandberg's discussion of work-life balance and motherhood or the buttoned-up culture of top tech executives, "Lean In" can't just be written off as a book for mid-level career women. For me and my Circle -- all women new to our first job or still in college and looking for that first job -- Sandberg's simple suggestion to proceed boldly, empowered us to look at the job hunt and our workplace interactions. We're wary of the gender gap not just in salary, but in how it shapes discussion and assignment in our offices. Even in the early days of a new gig, we're committed to closing that confidence (and achievement) gap. That's something we can take away from the pages. That's why a Circle is more than just a book club. In the middle of a conference call at work last week, I jumped into the conversation. "I can explain this," I said, and launched into a short description of a project my team and I had been rolling out. "When you said 'I can explain this,' you actually leaned in," a female colleague said to me afterward. "You physically leaned in closer to the desk. I was like, 'That's my girl.'" How did you land your first job? Share your experiences in the comments, on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living's Facebook page.(CNN) -- English cricketer Kevin Pietersen has reached an agreement with the England & Wales Cricket Board (ECB) which paves the way for his return to the national team. Arguably England's most naturally talented cricketer, Pietersen was dropped by selectors in August after it emerged he had sent "provocative" text messages to South Africa's players during a recent Test series between the two teams. However the South-African born Pietersen must undergo a "reintegration program", before England team director Andy Flower can pick him. "ECB and Kevin Pietersen confirm that agreement has been reached concerning a process for his reintegration into the England team during the remainder of 2012," said an ECB statement. "Upon completion of the program, the England selectors will consider Kevin for future matches." Without Pietersen, who was born in South Africa, defending champions England crashed out of the World T20 tournament in Sri Lanka at the Super Eight stage. Two years ago the allrounder was man of the tournament when England, captained by Paul Collingwood, were crowned T20 world champions in the Caribbean. In May, Pietersen had announced his retirement from T20 and one-day cricket, although he was in Sri Lanka working as a broadcaster for ESPN Star Sports. Andrew Strauss, who was England captain when Pietersen was frozen out of the team, has since retired from international cricket, with Alastair Cook the side's new Test skipper. "Kevin Pietersen has apologized to Andrew Strauss and wishes to express to all those who support England his regrets at the impact the recent controversies have had on the England team," continued the ECB statement. "He now wishes to put the events of the summer behind him and to focus on regaining his place in the England team." The ECB went on to say the issue regarding messages sent from Pietersen's Blackberry mobile phone had been resolved. "With regards the issue of the BBM messages, due to the fact that Kevin had not retained the BBM messages, this matter has been successfully concluded through a binding assurance provided to ECB by Kevin. "Kevin conceded that the messages exchanged were provocative. The ECB is satisfied, following receipt of this binding assurance, that to the best of his recollection, Kevin did not convey any messages which were derogatory about the England captain, the England team director, the ECB or employees of the ECB. "Furthermore, there was no tactical information whatsoever provided to members of the South African touring party." ECB chairman Giles Clarke refused to put a timescale on when Pietersen might return. "Kevin has signed a central contract today," Clarke told a media conference. "Andy Flower will determine the progress of the reintegration process. It could be soon, it could be much later." Pietersen admitted the situation had been difficult, but insisted he was focused on regaining his place in the team. "It's been a horrible situation for all involved," said the 32-year-old cricketer. "But it is time to move forward. All being well I'll be back in an England shirt as soon as possible." Before he was dropped, Pietersen has been integral part of the England Test team since making his debut in 2005. He has scored 21 centuries in 81 Test matches for his country and was given the honor of captaining England's one-day team in 2008. The right-hander, who is an occasional spin bowler, will be hoping to win back his place in the team in time for November and December's tour of India.Damon Smith denies making or possessing an explosive substance with intent to endanger life but at the Old Bailey he admitted perpetrating a bomb hoax. The prosecution said Mr Smith intended the Improvised Explosive Device (IED) to explode and endanger the lives of people on the Jubilee Line train. Prosecutors said the IED contained ball bearings to act as shrapnel. Jonathan Rees QC, for the prosecution, said this was to "increase the destructive effect of the device". At the start of the trial, Mr Rees said the defendant told police he had built a device which when activated was intended only to produce smoke. However, the defendant added the ball bearings because he wanted to make it look like a real bomb so the train would be stopped and it would be reported on the news, Mr Rees added. The court heard the device was found by two passengers when Mr Smith got off the train at London Bridge station last October. They handed it to a driver, Adrian Clarke, who initially thought it was for lost property but then, as he drove to North Greenwich, realised it contained two wires coming out of the back of a clock, the court heard. The court heard the student had moved to Rotherhithe in south-east London with his mother from Newton Abbot, Devon, when he started a computer forensics degree at London Metropolitan University. The defendant has Asperger's syndrome, or Autism Spectrum Disorder as it was known, and has a keen interest in guns and other weapons that may have been a function of the condition, the court heard. The prosecution said officers had found: The court heard Mr Smith told police he had been brought up a Christian but was interested in Islam which he thought was "more true". He did not really practise Islam, although he read the Quran and sometimes prayed in the morning when it was convenient but did not hold extreme views, the court heard. Mr Rees said that on the day of the incident the defendant had started a timing mechanism on the device while he was at Southwark station, changing trains. Meanwhile, Mr Smith went to his university campus at Holloway and searched for news articles on the incident when he got home later, the court heard. The trial continues.By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 10:17 EST, 12 June 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 01:57 EST, 13 June 2012 . A dentist suffered a near fatal stroke after performing a particularly gruelling tooth extraction. Sporty Andy Davies, 33, managed to admit himself to hospital in Birmingham after falling ill in November 2011. His stroke was so severe he experienced 'locked-in' syndrome and was unable to lift a limb, speak or breathe without a ventilator. His only way of communicating was through his eyelids. Hopeful: Today Andy's condition is stable and he is gradually and slowly regaining strength and movement . Mr Davies's mother Barbara, from Liverpool, said Andy believed the extraction was probably to blame. He began to suffer from headaches and neck pain before eventually admitting himself to hospital where it was discovered he'd torn an artery in his neck causing a bleed on his brain stem . Doctors at Birmingham's Queen Elizabeth hospital fought to save Mr Davies's life after the stroke. He was then put into an induced coma by medical staff to allow his body to cope with the massive trauma he suffered last November. Doctors caring for him have been amazed at his recovery from a bleed that could have easily killed him. Mr Davies - who qualified at Birmingham and has a practice in the city - was unable to move at all for around 10 weeks until life began to flicker back into his hands and legs. Today Andy’s condition is stable and he . is gradually and slowly regaining strength and movement, learning to . sit, stand, walk and talk again. The family are also hopeful he will . soon have sufficient strength to feed himself again. He is currently being cared for at rehabilitation centre called Moseley Hall, in Birmingham, although his funding is due to run out in the next few months. Mrs Davies, 27, said: 'My husband is an extraordinary man. He has achieved so much in his career and helped so many people. 'He has offered support to ex-offenders, drug users and single mums through his involvement with our church. 'Despite the poor prognosis offered by doctors after the stroke, I am confident Andy will make a recovery. This is a story of hope.' Mr Davies was a keen climber and skier before his stroke . Andy, who had been a keen climber and skier, has been able to return to his home in Bourneville a couple of times. Last weekend he stayed overnight at home and was able to attend a friend’s wedding. His mother Barbara added: 'The stroke was horrific and this has been a terrible ordeal for all the family. 'I would like to thank all the hospital staff who have helped Andy.' Andy qualified at Birmingham University in 2002, becoming the first dyslexic to qualify as a UK dentist. Since then he has worked for the NHS in general dental practice in Birmingham where he met Emma. And the pair were married in 2008. Mr Davies was the first dyslexic to qualify as a UK dentist. He hopes one day to return to work . Emma, a teacher said: 'We were told that if Andy survived he would be left with ‘Locked in Syndrome’ which would leave him unable to communicate or move with no prospect of any independent life. We were told to prepare for the worst and that people didn’t recover form such situations.' She added: 'No one is quite sure what caused the stroke although Andy thinks the trigger was the tooth extraction which may have damaged the artery and caused it to split later.' The couple are both Christians and Emma believes the power of prayer and the help of doctors has aided Andy’s remarkable recovery. Emma said: 'We believe God answered our prayers when Andy was initially given no hope.' Andy's mother said: 'He is now able to sit on the edge of a bed for three and a half minutes; when he first came to Moseley he could only sit for 30 seconds. 'His standing has also improved. Just ten weeks ago he started out using a standing frame, which mechanically raised him into a standing position and held him there. 'Now Andy no longer needs a hoist and can push himself up and briefly hold it there with the assistance of therapists, who help with the process.' Emma said: 'Thousands of people round the world have been following Andy’s blog and have been praying for him. He’s come a long way since those dark days in November but there’s still a lot work to be done. We are hopeful that he will walk unaided again and we pray that he may one day go back to work.' For Andy's blog visit http://andydaviesupdate.blogspot.co.uk/ .(CNN) -- Nanci Griffith wanted to look on the bright side. Nanci Griffith, who says she's "fed up with negativity," was revitalized by the election of Barack Obama. And who could blame her? In the past decade, Griffith -- perhaps best known for her Grammy-winning 1993 album, "Other Voices, Other Rooms" -- had faced a political climate she didn't agree with, as well as recovery from thyroid and breast cancer, which she was diagnosed with in the late '90s. Songwriting had become a struggle for the singer with the gentle, crystalline voice. "It was ... horrific," she said simply. However, with her latest album, "The Loving Kind" (Rounder), Griffith is as focused and passionate as she has been in years. Sparked by the changes in her life and American politics, she said, music has been vital to her personal resurgence. "It was nice to focus on things outside of my body. Music has always done that for me," she said. Describing herself as someone who was "fed up with negativity," Griffith was equally inspired by her fellow countrymen. "[The] American people will not let this country collapse," she said. The idea motivated her to look at her country's dark path of injustice not so long ago, stories that worked their way into her songwriting. "In some ways, I'm just a journalist. I [want] my audience to hear these stories," she said. CNN spoke with Griffith from her home in Nashville, Tennessee. CNN: Being a folk singer and your views being what they are, was it tougher or maybe easier to write songs from 2000 to 2008? Nanci Griffith: It was very difficult for me. I was hurt by the direction my country was going in. And then, after [the 2008 election], everything came spilling out. Things came along like the Mildred and Richard Loving case ("The Loving Kind"), where Mildred died, and I read her obituary. [The Lovings were a couple whose interracial marriage was against the law in Virginia at the time.] That was such an inspiration. ... Just wondering why I never knew about this and how important that case is currently with equality in marriage. Little things. Bit by bit, my heart started to open up again, and I could write! CNN: Had you ever gone through that before? Griffith: No, never in my life. I've always been a very prolific writer. CNN: Now, what about writing in the age of Obama? Griffith: (laughs) It feels great! People may be down on their luck, financially. But I see so much optimism about the direction of the country and [general] openness. CNN: Now, in addition to "The Loving Kind," there are other songs based on actual events on this record. Tell me about "Not Innocent Enough." Griffith: That's based on Philip Workman's case in Memphis [Tennessee]. He was robbing a Wendy's -- was a heroin addict -- and police came in, and an officer was killed. Now, Workman didn't kill him; it was friendly fire. Workman was convicted anyway and executed. I'm a total abolitionist when it comes to the death penalty, but this case really stunned me, because I feel like this country has evolved enough to where we shouldn't have to live with the death penalty. CNN: Is it hard as a writer/musician to inhabit those songs, knowing that they are actual events? Griffith: Not really. I feel like, in some ways, I'm just a journalist. I don't express my opinion [in the songs], necessarily. But it's important to me that my audience hear these stories. I want as many people to know about Loving v. Virginia as possible. CNN: Do you feel like it's a more palatable way to become aware of a story like that when a song is attached to it? Griffith: I do. I've been informed many times through music. Pete Seeger, Odetta, Dave Van Ronk, Bruce Springsteen ... so many folk songwriters. It's all around you. CNN: The song "Still Life" -- I suspect that's about President George W. Bush? Griffith: It's about people like him. This country is full of them, and especially my home state of Texas. It's a [perspective on] people who go through life getting away with everything. CNN: Do you feel a sense of vindication with President Obama's election, or at least a sense that things are moving in a direction you're in favor of? Griffith: I hope so. Right now, he is my hero. So is his wife. CNN: What in your past steered you into a topical songwriter? Griffith: I was always more interested in story songs, things with a point of view ... and things that informed me. CNN: Is there a different process of writing those topical songs versus a song like "Up Against the Rain," which is clearly more personal? Griffith: There is a burden to writing [those topical songs]: You better have your facts straight. When you're writing a personal song like "Rain," it's straight from your heart and seems to just flow. CNN: "Sing" seems like it would fit that description. Does that song sum up your life in a way? Griffith: Many have asked that, but I was actually inspired to write that by watching an interview with Shania Twain where she said it would not have mattered if she remained a lounge act for her whole career. It's not something you choose. It's just what you do.By . Sarah Griffiths . His body was buried 600 years ago without any pomp and ceremony befitting of a king. But now the traditional funeral crown that Richard III never had, has gone on display in York. The golden headpiece was commissioned for the last king of the House of York by a leading historian who was involved in the archaeological dig that discovered Richard III’s remains beneath a car park in Leicester. Richard III's funeral crown (pictured) was commissioned by a leading historian who was involved in the archaeological dig that discovered Richard III¿s remains beneath a car park in Leicester . Richard III was killed at the Battle of Bosworth in 1485, ending the Wars of the Roses and the Plantagenet dynasty. His body was taken to Leicester by supporters of victorious Henry VII and buried in Greyfriars church, which is now the site of the council car park. Dr John Ashdown-Hill commissioned a 15th century-style gold-plated crown in tribute to the late king with white roses and gems. Richard was killed at the Battle of Bosworth in 1485 and was buried without pomp and ceremony . The crown was made by medieval jewellery expert George Easton who was inspired to create the design from historical artefacts such as relics and illustrations relating to the contentious monarch. ‘The crown is plated with gold, with the circle set enamelled with white roses and pearls,’ The York Press reported. ‘On the roses are set rubies and sapphires, representing the livery colours of the house of York. The crosses of the crown have more enamelled white roses, set with emeralds and turquoises.’ The historian had the idea of commissioning the crown when he was carrying the king’s remains away from the archaeological site, having been involved in searching for the lost remains of the monarch. The funeral crown is now on show at the Richard III Experience in York's Monk Bar – one of the medieval gateways to York. It will go on tour around the UK before playing a part in the king’s reburial at Leicester Cathedral. It was announced earlier this week that Richard III will finally be laid to rest at Leicester Cathedral after judges said it was time for the monarch to be given a 'dignified burial'. Distant relatives opposed plans to bury him in the city after his remains were discovered in a council car park. They said he should be placed in York Minster because it was a wish of 'the last medieval king of England'. The skeleton of Richard III was discovered at the Greyfriars excavation site in Leicester, which was a church and is now the site of a car park. Now there is a 15th century-style gold-plated crown in tribute to the late king . Regal: The crown is plated with gold, with enamelled white roses. There are rubies and saphires at the centre of the roses representing the livery colours of the house of York . But the High Court told the claimants, who are part of the Plantagenet Alliance, there was no reason to interfere with the initial plans. Three judges said in a joint ruling: 'Since Richard III’s exhumation on September 5 2012, passions have been roused and much ink has been spilt. 'Issues relating to his life and death and place of re-interment have been exhaustively examined and debated. 'The Very Reverend David Monteith, the Dean of Leicester Cathedral, has explained the considerable efforts and expenditure invested by the cathedral in order to create a lasting burial place 'as befits an anointed King'. We agree that it is time for Richard III to be given a dignified reburial, and finally laid to rest.' Location: Richard III will finally be laid to rest at Leicester Cathedral after judges said it was time for the monarch to be given a 'dignified burial' Richard was born in 1452 at Fotheringhay Castle in Northamptonshire. During the War of the Roses, Richard's father, Richard Plantagenet, Duke of York was killed and in 1470, Richard and his brother Edward were exiled when Henry VI, from the rival house of Lancaster, took back the throne. Henry's reign was short lived and during a battle the following year, Edward became king. In 1483, Edward died and Richard was named as protector of the realm for Edward's son and successor, the 12-year-old Edward V. Edward V and his brother Richard were placed in the Tower of London and after a campaign to condemn the deceased king's marriage to Elizabeth Woodville, the princes were declared illegitimate. Richard III took to the throne the following day. He was crowned in July and in August that year, the two princes disappeared, Rumours spread the king had killed them to remove any threat they may have posed to his reign. In 1485, Henry Tudor, Earl of Richmond launched an attack on Richard III on Bosworth Field in Leicestershire. Many of Richard III's key lieutenants defected and he was killed in battle. Henry Tudor took the throne as Henry VII. It has been confirmed that Richard III had a curvature of the spine, although rumours of a withered arm haven't been verified form the bones found in the Leicester car park last year. Last year scientists discovered the king was riddled with roundworm after finding large numbers of the parasite’s eggs in soil taken from Richard III’s pelvic region. The find suggests that the king’s intestines were infected with roundworm during his life. Discovered: The remains of Richard III (pictured) were discovered by archaeologists in a council car park in Leicester. There have been heated discussions as to where the king is to be buried and the high court has now confirmed that he will be laid to rest in Leicester Cathedral .By . Helen Nicholson . The construction of Stonehenge has been voted the historical event that most Britons would like to travel back in time to witness. The evacuation of Dunkirk, and the defending of Hadrian’s Wall by the Romans came second and third in the poll conducted by English Heritage. The organisation carried out the survey to celebrate the launch of six weeks of living history events across the country this summer, including medieval jousts, knights and princess training academies, and the chance to meet some of England’s most famous kings and queens. Still a mystery: English Heritage's Jeremy Ashbee said people wanted to discover more about who built the historic stone circle - and why . A total of 2,272 people were quizzed about which iconic historical event they would like to have been present at. The lifting into place of the enormous stones at Stonehenge around 5,000 years ago topped the poll with almost half of those surveyed (47 per cent) wishing they’d been there to see it. The masterminding of the evacuation of British soldiers from the Dunkirk beaches during the Second World War was the next choice (34 per cent), while seeing Roman soldiers patrolling Hadrian’s Wall came third (26 per cent). Going underground: In second place, people wanted to watch the planning of the Dunkirk evacuation during the Second World War from the Secret Wartime Tunnels underneath Dover Castle . Watching Victorian scientist Charles Darwin conduct his revolutionary experiments from his home in Kent (23 per cent) and the first Viking raid at Lindisfarne Priory (18 per cent) were also popular choices at fourth and fifth place respectively. King Harold falling in combat at the Battle of Hastings in 1066 (17 per cent) and Henry V preparing his troops ahead of the battle of Agincourt in France (16 per cent) also made it into the top ten. Added to this, 68 per cent of adults said they wished they knew more about history and 47 per cent said they planned to visit a historic place this summer. Stepping back in time: The defending of Hadrian's Wall by the Romans . came second in the poll, while watching Charles Darwin (right) conducting experiments at Down House came in fourth . Jeremy Ashbee, Head Properties Curator at English Heritage, said: ‘There are so many things we don’t know about Stonehenge and perhaps that’s why it topped our poll, with people wanting to discover more about who built the stone circle, and why. ‘It is great that there is such an appetite for history. While English Heritage can’t literally take people back in time, we can offer the next best thing - the chance to experience those places where history was made. 'Over the six week summer holiday English Heritage will host its biggest ever summer of historical events providing fun, entertaining and inspiring days out for families, culture fans and those keen to find out more about England’s stories.’ Devastating attack: In fifth place was the chance to watch the first Viking raid taking place at Lindisfarne Priory . English Heritage is encouraging visitors to re-enact history for themselves this summer, and to share their experiences through social media. Visitors can submit photos of themselves on Facebook and Twitter, using the hashtag #makinghistory. More information about this summer’s events at iconic historic properties across the country can be found at www.english-heritage.org.uk/events. 1. Our Neolithic ancestors lifting the stones into place at Stonehenge (47%)2. The planning from the Secret Wartime Tunnels underneath Dover Castle of . the evacuation of British soldiers from Dunkirk during the Second World . War (34%)3. Roman soldiers setting out on patrol along Hadrian’s Wall (26%)4. Scientist Charles Darwin conducting experiments at Down House as he . writes down his revolutionary theory of evolution (23%)5. The first Viking raid taking place at Lindisfarne Priory (18%)6. King Harold falling in combat at the Battle of Hastings in 1066 (17%)7. Queen Victoria and Prince Albert spending time with their children in . the Swiss Cottage at their family home, Osborne, on the Isle of Wight . (16%)8. Henry V preparing his troops at Portchester Castle ahead of invading France in the Agincourt campaign (16%)9. Elizabeth I being entertained by Robert Dudley at Kenilworth Castle, as he attempts to win her hand in marriage (16%)10. Mary Tudor gathering her forces at Framlingham Castle before marching on London to claim the crown (14%)(CNN) -- "Everyone agrees we need to go forward with the relief well," National Incident Commander Thad Allen said Friday of the now-plugged BP gusher in the Gulf, adding that officials are now considering other options in addition to the relief well. Work will resume on a relief well as scientists and BP engineers continue to assess whether a planned "bottom kill" is necessary, he said. The BP oil well, which ruptured April 20 after an explosion on the Deepwater Horizon oil rig, spilled more than 2 million gallons of oil per day into the Gulf of Mexico before being successfully shut. Allen said that pressure tests were finished and that pressure within the wellhead was unchanged. That means there are options about how to handle the well, which has stopped pouring oil into the Gulf, he said. "We have successfully shut in this well. We have something now that we haven't had before and we have we have -- I wouldn't call it a luxury -- but we have the trade space to consider alternatives under less than a high-pressure situation." Allen said crews probably did "too good a job on the top kill." Cement and mud got into a core area of the well. But Allen said it's not clear how thick the cement layer is, or how vulnerable it might be to pressure inside the well. "Everyone agrees we need to go forward with the relief well," Allen said. "The relief well will be finished. How it gets finished will be determined on risk mitigation and the way forward is the essence of what is being discussed right now. The relief well will be finished. We will kill the well." As they await answers about the condition of the well, businesses in the Gulf Coast are hoping high-profile visitors will help boost local economies. President Obama and his wife, Michelle, plan to travel to the region this weekend to support businesses that have been devastated by the oil disaster. One of their daughters, Sasha, will join them for the trip. Their other daughter, Malia, is at a camp and will not make the trip, a senior administration official said. The family will leave Saturday morning for Panama City Beach, Florida. "Even as the president talks about what our next steps are in our response, obviously part of this will be highlighting the tremendous economic toll that has taken place," White House spokesman Robert Gibbs told reporters earlier this week. Visitors spent more than $34 billion in 2008 in congressional districts along the Gulf Coast, sustaining 400,000 jobs. The effects of the oil spill on the region's travel industry could last up to three years and cost up to $22.7 billion, according to an analysis conducted last month by Oxford Economics for the U.S. Travel Association. In preparing the research, Oxford Economics looked at current spending, government models predicting oil flow and the effect of 25 past crises on tourism to develop a model to gauge the Gulf disaster's impact. Case studies of past disasters -- including the SARS respiratory disease outbreak, Hurricane Katrina and the 2004 Asian tsunami -- show that tourism often is affected beyond the disaster area and long after the resolution of the crisis. To mitigate the effects of the disaster, changing perceptions is key. "The president will meet with those folks and have a chance to update, I think, the region on where we are," Gibbs said. "And I think it will be important for the president to talk about what are the next steps in bringing the region back." Meanwhile, work is expected to resume Friday on the drilling of a relief well that is intended to give engineers a better look at the core of the well. Pressure tests will help them make a recommendation to former Adm. Thad Allen, the federal government point man on the disaster, on whether a bottom kill is necessary to permanently seal the ruptured deepwater oil well. The well erupted after an April 20 explosion aboard the drilling rig Deepwater Horizon that left 11 dead. A temporary cap contained the spill on July 15, and nearly 3,000 barrels of heavy drilling mud and cement drove the oil back under the ocean floor last week in the static kill process. The well gushed an estimated 53,000 barrels (nearly 2.3 million gallons) of oil per day before it was capped. Since then, fresh, green grass has started growing again in some of the hardest-hit marshes of southern Louisiana, but oil continues to wash ashore in some places. CNN's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report.Indeed, closing the gap between what the government spends and what it takes in taxes was the government's main mission. But it has proved harder than Mr Osborne had hoped. He would blame circumstances beyond his control which - again - threaten to push his targets further back. His critics on one side would say the initial pace of the cuts are what dragged the recovery down - a self-defeating object. Critics on the right would say in fact he's lacked the courage to go far enough. In the febrile atmosphere less than 48 hours before a Budget, there is agreement on one thing - whether fast or slow, the most straightforward cuts, practically and politically, have gone. Former head of the Home Civil Service Lord Kerslake, who was until recently one of the most senior officials involved in the hunt for savings, says clearly: "It's hard to see where the easy choices are now." He told me: "The savings that have to be found will require very substantial changes in the way things are delivered - or, indeed, the offer made." In other words, public services will have to be delivered much more cheaply, or the public will have to accept very different levels of provision. And with Mr Osborne significantly behind on his own original targets from 2010, by accident or design, Lord Kerslake told me: "We've still got some way to go, no more than half on the numbers. "The important thing to say is that the second half is much harder because the sense of crisis that drove the savings in the coalition government has ebbed, the wider economy is growing so people can't see a comparable position there and people just get exhausted by the process. "The easy savings have been done. So where do you go?" Well, the chancellor is likely to announce further squeezes on welfare spending - the government has already outlined taking another billion out of the budget allocated to disabled people. There are likely, by 2020, to be cuts of an extra Â£4bn a year by 2020. To raise revenue, there could possibly be a rise in fuel tax - politically difficult but lucrative for the government coffers - maybe hikes in insurance premiums, and what one Tory MP described as "nibbles here and there". With the European referendum bearing down on Numbers 10 and 11 there is a desire not to stir up too much controversy, not to distract too much from their main task in hand. But as Lord Kerslake warns, taking anything else out of government budgets that have already been slimmed down is tricky - a task almost bound to cause complaint in itself.By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 08:22 EST, 10 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 14:12 EST, 10 February 2014 . An obsessed Game of Thrones fan has put on 10lbs of pure muscle to transform himself into a hulking star of the show. Rene Koiter, 29, spent ten months training to perfectly resemble the imposing character Khal Drogo, leader of the Dothraki. Mr Koiter even employed a team of eight staff to . help him with his professional transformation, so that he could look . just like Khal - married to character Daenerys Targaryen. Scroll down for video . Obsessed Game of Thrones fan Rene Koiter has put on 10lbs of pure muscle to transform himself into a hulking star of the show . He decided to transform himself into his favourite character, leader of the Dothraki, Khal Drogo, and spent ten months training to perfectly resemble the imposing character . In order to beef up for his transformation, Mr Koiter attended a boot camp class three times a week, and worked out at a gym during his lunch breaks and took long walks on his days off . When he first debuted his muscly new look at a staff party, the subsequent video went viral amassing over a quarter million hits on YouTube. Since his makeover to the character - played by Jason Momoa - the graphic designer has gained a legion of female fans and has been bombarded with marriage proposals from women online. Mr Koiter, from Lake Forest, California said: 'Honestly, I had no idea what the reaction would be towards my transformation. 'Many marriage proposals have been flung at me. 'My joking response to these women is usually "Can you eat a horse heart like Daenerys famously does in the TV series?" Mr Koiter was just an 'ordinary man' (left) before he decided to launch his transformation. Now, (right) the graphic designer has gained a legion of female fans and has been bombarded with marriage proposals online . Khal Drogo is played by Jason Momoa. He even employed a team of eight staff to help him with his professional transformation, so that he could look just like Khal - married to character Daenerys Targaryen . Mr Koiter said: 'Many marriage proposals have been flung at me. My joking response to these women is usually "Can you eat a horse heart like Daenerys famously does in the TV series?"' Mr Koiter, 29, also completely changed his diet to achieve the look - cutting out all sugars and simple carbohydrates . 'Imagine my surprise when they come back to me, saying they would eat two hearts for me. M'athchomaroon! Hello! Hash yer dothrae chek? How are you? Asshekhqoyi vezhvena! Happy birthday! Es havazhaan! Get lost! And upon meeting an enemy: Anha vazhak yeraan thirat - I will let you live . 'It's flattering of course but I worry that people are mixing up the fantasy from the reality. 'Nevertheless, I do enjoy that the public are entertained because of this.' Mr Koiter - who is already fluent in five languages - also learnt Dothraki, Khal Drogo's fictional dialect in the series for a complete makeover. In order to beef up for his transformation, Mr Koiter attended a boot camp class three times a week, and worked out at a gym during his lunch breaks and took long walks on his days off. He also took afternoon bike rides in the Californian sunshine to perfect his Khal Drogo tan. His rigorous training regime means he is now able to flip an 850lbs tyre, equivalent in weight to the average horse. Mr Koiter pictured before his transformation. He enlisted the skills of a costume designer, make-up artist, hair stylist to create Khal Drogo's look . Mr Koiter - who is already fluent in five languages - also learnt Dothraki, Khal Drogo's fictional dialect in the series for a complete makeover . Mr Koiter also completely changed his diet. He said: 'I used to be a big cereal junkie - I would eat that for breakfast, lunch and dessert. But no more. 'I had to quit all sugars and simple carbs to achieve this look. Now I eat things like veggies, fruits, eggs, oatmeal, chicken, lean beef, fish and protein shakes.' Rene enlisted the skills of a costume designer, make-up artist, hair stylist to create Khal Drogo's look. His rigorous training regime means he is now able to flip an 850lbs tyre, equivalent in weight to the average horse . He said: 'I spent months growing out my hair for extensions, pumping iron like a mad man and then mimicking his Dothraki speech and mannerisms' He said: 'Drogo was indeed a juggernaut of a character to bring to life. The whole process took almost ten months and what I'll say is that you really need a team of people to build him properly. 'I spent months growing out my hair for extensions, pumping iron like a mad man and then mimicking his Dothraki speech and mannerisms.' For his next project, Rene is considering transforming into another Game of Thrones' character, Jon Snow played by Kit Harington in the series. The new series of Game of Thrones airs on 6 April 2014 and a 15-minute trailer for series 4 came out last night.(CNN) -- The California Assembly on Thursday passed a bill appropriating $20 million to kidnapping victim Jaycee Dugard to settle her claims against the state Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation, according to the chief clerk's office. The bill passed on a 30-1 vote in the Senate and a 62-0 vote in the Assembly, according to CNN affiliate KCRA. Corrections officials entered into the settlement with Dugard, the station said. Dugard vanished in 1991 at the age of 11. She was found in August 2009, living in a shed in the Antioch, California, backyard of Phillip Garrido, a registered sex offender who had been on parole since January 1988. Investigators say Garrido fathered two children with Dugard during her captivity. He and his wife, Nancy, are charged with 29 felony counts in the case. Both have pleaded not guilty. In a report issued in November, the state inspector general's office found the state Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation failed to properly keep tabs on Garrido or properly supervise the officers assigned to his case. "While it is true that Garrido's California parole was never officially violated, our review shows that Garrido committed numerous parole violations and that the department failed to properly supervise Garrido and missed numerous opportunities to discover his victims," the report said. Parole officers failed to investigate utility wires running from Garrido's house toward the shed where Dugard was held, to check out the presence of a 12-year-old girl during a visit or to act on information the report said "clearly" showed Garrido had violated the terms of his release, the report said. Dugard, who is now 30, her mother and her daughters had filed a claim saying state corrections officials failed to do their jobs, seeking psychological, physical and emotional damages, KCRA said. The settlement process was "pretty much unprecedented," said Jeff Long, spokesman for Assemblyman Felipe Fuentes, who sponsored the bill. The language was inserted into a bill concerning claims against the state. Fuentes is chairman of the Assembly's Appropriations Committee, Long said. Every year as part of the budget process, the chair submits two bills for judgments against the state, Long said. It was decided that this would be the quickest way to get it through the Assembly, he said. Officials thought the state might have a case if it fought Dugard's claim, but it wasn't worth the case going to a jury, Long said. Because the constitutional deadline for an approved state budget has passed and California is in a new fiscal year without a budget, no appropriations can be made without Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger's consent. Schwarzenegger has to request the bill be moved to his desk to sign it, Long said. Garrido was paroled in August 1988 after serving 11 years of a federal kidnapping sentence. He also served a five-year term in Nevada for rape charges. The November report from California Inspector-General David Shaw was limited to reviewing the actions of state parole officers in charge of monitoring Garrido from June 1999 until Dugard and her children were discovered. But Garrido was under the supervision of federal parole officers when authorities say he kidnapped Dugard in 1991, and they also "failed to detect Garrido's criminal conduct and his victims," the report says. Garrido was only "properly supervised" for 12 out of the 123 months he was under California's supervision, "a failure rate of about 90 percent," Shaw told reporters in November. CNN's Ashley Hayes and Rachel Brown contributed to this report.Azelle Rodney, 24, died in 2005 after being shot by a former police officer, known only as E7, as police sought to move in on him over a double stabbing . Firearms officers are threatening industrial action after a former policeman was charged with murdering a drug dealer during a Scotland Yard operation. Armed officers are said to be considering a staged walk-out after it was confirmed that the ex-officer will stand trial over the 2005 death of Azelle Rodney, who died in a hail of bullets when his car was stopped by police marksmen. Rodney, 24, was hit six times, once each in the arm and back, and fatally four times in the head in Edgware, north London. The man accused of murdering him, only the third policeman to be charged with committing murder in the course of his duties, can only be identified as E7 after being granted anonymity during a public inquiry. The secrecy order, made in accordance with Article 8 of the Human Rights Act which grants people the right to a family life, could be lifted when the ex-officer makes his first appearance in court in September. The decision to charge E7 was welcomed by Rodney’s mother, who has campaigned for justice for nearly a decade and may be in line for a huge compensation payout from the Met. But it has left Scotland Yard chiefs worried about possible ‘industrial action’ by some police firearms officers who might lay down their weapons in support of their former colleague. Deputy Chief Constable Simon Chesterman, the national lead for armed policing, said the move to charge E7 had left officers shocked. He told The Times: ‘Firearms officers volunteer for the role and many are now considering their future career choices. ‘Officers are not above the law and they are accountable for their individual decisions, but carrying a gun on behalf of the state is a big ask and it just got bigger.’ The decision to charge E7 comes after a three-month public inquiry into Rodney’s death, led by former judge Sir Christopher Holland. Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders said: ‘We have carefully considered the new file of evidence submitted to us and have decided that a former Metropolitan Police officer, currently identified only as E7, will be prosecuted for murder. The individual currently has anonymity.’ The murder suspect will appear at Westminster Magistrates’ Court on September 10. The shooting took place outside The Railway Tavern on . Hale Lane in . Edgware, north London. Forensic experts are pictured at the crime scene after the incident took place in April 2005 . After . the findings of a public inquiry into Mr Rodney's death were published, . his mother Susan . Alexander, pictured middle, called for an investigation to be opened. She is pictured with lawyer Daniel Machover, right and Leslie Thomas, . from Garden Court Chambers, left . Rodney’s mother Susan Alexander said: ‘I am very pleased at the decision to prosecute the officer who killed my son. I have waited a long time to see this day and hope this prosecution will lead to justice for Azelle.’ Rodney was hit by eight shots in less than two seconds from a high-powered carbine at almost point blank range. The rounds were fired from the open window of a patrol car within a split second of pulling alongside the VW Golf carrying Rodney. The murder charge against E7 is . believed to be only the third time in recent years that an officer has . been charged with murder while on active duty. PC . Chris Sherwood from Sussex Police was acquitted of murder in 2001, . after he shot James Ashley, 39, while he was naked and unarmed. The shooting had taken place while police searched his flat in Hastings, East Sussex. The officer said he believed Mr Ashley was mistakenly pointing a gun at him and was about to shoot. The . Chief Constable of Sussex, Martin Richards, who was the nominal . defendant in the civil case that followed, admitted negligence and . agreed to pay the family damages. But the force always strongly denied misconduct. In . an earlier case - and believed to be the first of its kind - . Metropolitan Police PC Patrick Hodgson was cleared at the Old Bailey of . the murder and manslaughter of suspected car thief David Ewin, 38. He stood trial three times after the jury failed to deliver a verdict on the first two occasions. He had always denied both the murder and manslaughter of Mr Ewin in Barnes, south west London, in February 2005. The . officer, then 49, was part of the crew of an armed response vehicle . that had spotted the stolen Toyota sports car parked outside a shop. Mr Ewin died from his injuries after the shooting. Officer E7 claimed he feared Rodney was about to fire a submachine gun. Wesley Lovell and Frank Graham, the other occupants of the VW Golf, were jailed for seven and six years respectively in January 2006 after pleading guilty to possession of firearms. Lovell was also convicted of allowing drug production in his Hammersmith home. In court he claimed that he had let Rodney use his flat as a crack factory to cancel out a drugs debt. At the time of his death Rodney was wanted over a double stabbing in Ealing. There have only been two previous cases where police officers were charged with murder. In 1997 Metropolitan Police PC Patrick Hodgson was cleared of the 1995 murder of suspected car thief David Ewin in Barnes, south-west London. The second related to PC Chris Sherwood, who was accused of murder after he shot suspected drug dealer James Ashley while he was naked and unarmed when officers searched his flat in St Leonards, East Sussex, in 1998. He was cleared in 2001. Leaders of the Police Federation, which represents more than 125,000 rank and file officers, held discussions about firearms officers conducting ‘unofficial strikes’ when marksmen faced the prospect of being charged with murder in two other cases. The shootings of unarmed decorator Harry Stanley in 1999 and Brazilian Jean Charles de Menezes in 2005 were mired in controversy but possible walkouts were averted when prosecutors ruled out murder charges. E7 has been supported in his legal battle by the Metropolitan branch of the Police Federation, whose chairman John Tully said: ‘Parallels may be drawn with the Harry Stanley case going back a number of years when two officers were arrested. ‘At the time there were concerns about the lack of support from senior management and Government. It’s a very difficult job.’ But he added: ‘I have not detected any similar feelings in the workforce currently. It could have an impact on morale.’ The Police Firearms Officers Association said the case had raised many issues. A spokesman said: ‘The decision by the CPS to prosecute E7 raises many issues around the role of armed policing and officers having confidence in the law should they be involved in a shooting.’ Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 10:01 EST, 16 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 16:31 EST, 16 February 2013 . A sudden fireball was spotted blazing across the Northern California sky less than 24 hours after the explosive meteor that passed over Russia injured more than 1,000 people on Friday. The fireball, reportedly seen from as far north as Fairfield to as far south as Gilroy, as well as in Sacramento, Newark and Walnut Creek, was captured on video by one observer at around 7.45pm last night. It was bluish in color and appeared to be heading straight to the ground, according to an NBC Bay Area reporter. Scroll down for video . Fire in the sky: The fireball in the upper right corner was spotted in Northern California at around 7.45 pm . On the horizon: The fireball was reportedly seen from as far north as Fairfield to as far south as Gilroy . Unexpected: It was bluish in color and appeared to be heading straight to the ground . ‘I saw that meteor/fireball over Solano County after spending the day reporting on asteroids and fireballs,’ said NBC reporter Jodi Hernandez. Another viewer told the local news outlet that the fireball was a bright green when it first appeared and then turned to a bright yellow as it faded. ‘It was awesome!’ she said. Meteors are pieces of rock and metal from outer space that fall to Earth and burn up as they pass through the Earth’s atmosphere. The bright flashes of light are caused by the burning. At around 2.30pm EST on Friday, a meteor passed over Siberia and exploded with the force of 20 atomic bombs. Most of the injuries were caused by flying glass, local officials said. Terrifying sight: A massive meteorite shower left a thousand people injured, buildings devastated and the mobile network wiped out when debris hit Russia on Friday . Terrifying: Brightly burning rocks could be seen for hundreds of kilometres as they crashed at around 9.20am local time and one bystander described it 'like a scene from the Armageddon movie' Spectacular sky: The Urals region was struck by falling meteorite fragments which fell in the city of Chelyabinsk, 900 miles east of Moscow and close to the Kazakhstan border . Marina Moskvicheva, Chelyabinsk health chief, told the Russian news agency Interfax that 985 people in her city asked for medical help and 43 were hospitalized. It was the largest recorded meteor strike in more than a century and occurred hours before a 150-foot asteroid passed within about 17,000 miles (28,000 kilometers) of Earth. Planetary scientists said there were no connections between the meteor that passed over Siberia and the larger asteroid. It is unknown if the fireball spotted in California had any connection to the asteroid. Gerald McKeegan, a local astronomer in California, told NBC that based on accounts he believes that the fireball spotted in northern part of the state was a ‘sporadic meteor,’ which he said can happen several times a day. McKeegan said that sporadic meteors bring as much as 15,000 tons of space debris to Earth each year. Ice breaker: An official standing near an eight-meter hole left by the meteorite in the surface of a frozen lake near the town of Chebarkul .Adolf Hitler's grand plans for the 'supercapital' of the Third Reich, which he intended to rename Germania, are detailed in a new exhibition. Staged in a vast Nazi bunker, 'The Myth of Germania: Vision and Crimes' features the 'Hall of the People' which was to be twice the size of St Peter's Basilica in Rome with room for 180,000 people. A giant map shows plans for a five-mile-long boulevard designed to be flanked by towering buildings celebrating Nazi prestige. Scroll down for video . Hitler designed the ‘Hall of the People’ (pictured) which was to be twice the size of St. Peter’s Basilica in Rome with a dome 16 times the size and room inside for 180,000 people . The new city was to be the biggest in the world with a stadium (pictured), avenues and statues which Hitler proclaimed would last for 1,000 years . The new city was to be the biggest in the world with grand buildings, avenues and statues which Hitler proclaimed would last for 1,000 years. But due to the war, all that was realised of Hitler's plans for Berlin are huge street lights on an avenue leading up to the Brandenburg Gate. The Berlin exhibition reveals architect Albert Speer – who escaped the death penalty at the Nuremberg Trials after claiming not to know about the extermination of the Jews – was told to use Jewish slave labourers. He ordered evictions in the demolition zones so building could be completed quickly once Germany had won the war. 'Germania' Architect Albert Speer (left) was told to use Jewish slave labourers by Hitler (right) Hitler's utopian plans to rebuild Berlin on a monumental scale were never realised, but the preparations involved demolitions and the use of slave labour . Curator Gernot Schaulinski said: 'This is not about 'Germania' as the hobby of a dictator It's about the intentions of such a project, the ideology behind it, and those who suffered because of it' 'Aryan' residents forced out were to move into 24,000 apartments formerly occupied by Berlin's Jews. Curator Gernot Schaulinski said: 'This is not about 'Germania' as the hobby of a dictator It's about the intentions of such a project, the ideology behind it, and those who suffered because of it.' The exhibition has been organised by the Berlin Underground association which explores and opens up Nazi-era bunkers and buildings for public show. It is being staged in a vast bunker built by the Nazis in the Wedding district of Berlin which has become a tourist attraction in its own right. To meet demand for construction materials for 'Germania', Hitler, Speer and SS military commander Heinrich Himmler agreed to use concentration camp inmates as manpower. The SS built the world's largest brickworks in Oranienburg, a camp near Berlin where many inmates were murdered or died from the work.By . Hugo Gye . PUBLISHED: . 12:59 EST, 27 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:06 EST, 27 November 2013 . A retired watchmaker who set up a cannabis factory in his garage shot a burglar who was trying to break in to his remote farmhouse, a court heard today. Malcolm White, 63, fired at Robert Richards when he caught him trying to smash his living room window in October 2011. The burglar, who fired back at the homeowner before fleeing in a getaway van, was so badly injured when he was arrested that doctors had to amputate his right leg. On trial: Malcolm White, pictured with his partner Josephine Merrick, is accused of shooting a burglar at his home . Break-in: Robert Richards and Darren Randall attempted to burgle the farmhouse in Herefordshire, pictured . But White insists that the shooting was an accident, and has pleaded not guilty to unlawful wounding with intent to commit grievous bodily harm at Worcester Crown Court. A jury heard that the retiree spent 20 minutes locking up the garage which contained his £18,000 cannabis farm before he reported the attempted break-in at his £420,000 home in Whitborne, Herefordshire by Richards, 30, and Darren Randall, 26. He told officers he believed the robbers had been after his Audi A8 sports car - but failed to inform them he had shot one of the thieves. The jury was told that White had a total of 20 firearms stashed around his home, and boasted to partner Josephine Merrick that he 'shot the bastard' during the botched burglary. Investigation: Police found £18,000 worth of cannabis plants at the house when they searched it . Prosecutor Simon Phillips said that White was 'no ordinary householder' and shot Richards in order to 'protect his turf'. He continued: 'The reality was, Mr White knew this raid was a possibility and took the initiative to shoot Mr Richards before he knew it. 'He was protecting his turf and was prepared with a number of firearms around his property. 'In Mr White's garage was a valuable and extensive crop of cannabis. He was somebody who had something to protect.' The barrister told the court that the couple's home was 'set apart from other houses', making it easier for White to conceal his drug farm, for which he had bought £20,000 worth of equipment. When police searched the garage they seized 60 plants worth up to £18,000 but capable of producing £60,000 of cannabis a year. Haul: A police officer is pictured taking cannabis plants away from White's garage . Case: Ms Merrick was sentenced to unpaid work over the cannabis factory at her home . Mr Phillips said: 'Mr White and Josephine Merrick were watching television when someone began banging on the living room window with a tool of some sort but were unable to gain access. 'Mr White turned to Josephine Merrick and said, "I'll get the bastard" before she escaped into the hallway. She then heard three shots - boom, crack, crack. 'She then heard a man's voice shouting "He's got me" and "We've got to get him out of here," before a sound consistent of people moving away from the house. 'Next, she went to the living room and saw through the smashed window essentially Mr Richards and Mr Randall doing a runner. 'Mr Richards was found with Mr Randall by passersby and then police outside a Chinese takeaway in nearby Leigh Sinton. Partner: Ms Merrick, who was present on the night of the incident, is pictured outside court . 'Josephine Merrick wondered where Mr White was, she noticed the upstairs lights were on, they were previously off. Mr White then came in from the kitchen when she said, "Did you get him?" 'To which he replied, "Yes I got the bastard." She said, "Is he still alive?" And Mr White said, "Yes, he's still walking, I think I got him in the leg, I wish I would have finished him off."' During a police interview, White said he thought he had shot the gun in the air, adding that he believed the men were trying to get to his car or his partner. He said he had been growing drugs for four or five months. Ms Merrick was ordered to perform 15 hours of unpaid work and given a 12-month restraining order after she pleaded guilty to producing a controlled substance last month. Richards was jailed for 10 and a half years and Randall sentenced to 13 years and four months after they were convicted of aggravated burglary in February. The trial continues. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.Mansfield District Council debated the £250m Lindhurst scheme, which faced more than 140 objections. It includes up to 1,700 homes, as well as a new primary school, cemetery, community centre and park on the southern edge of the town. The planning committee voted five in favour, five against, with the chairman having the casting vote in favour. Protesters at the meeting shouted "shame" as the decision was made. The 169 hectare (417 acre) application is the largest ever submitted to the council. Developers, the Lindhurst Group, said it would bring major benefits to the local economy, including up to 4,000 jobs. Project co-ordinator, Richard Bowden, said: "We are relieved. We now have a major responsibility to deliver the jobs promised. "For a development of the size and momentum that is going to be needed to turn Mansfield around, there was no alternative. "We just hope that now we have the planning consent, people will look at the merits of what we are doing - at the enormous amounts of money that will be coming into the Mansfield economy." But objections included concern from Nottingham Wildlife Trust and the Ramblers Association over the loss of countryside and habitat. Independent Mansfield councillor Andrew Tristram, who opposed the plans, said concerns over congestion and the ability to deliver the promised benefits remained. "Given the fact the decision was controversial and decided on a casting vote, and also the reasons for departing from the local plan were tenuous, I'm sure local residents would like to see the secretary of state call the decision in," he said.It’s been nearly three months since a photograph of Kathy Griffin posing with a replica of President Donald Trump‘s bloodied, decapitated head in her hand sparked nationwide outrage — and changed her life forever. In an in-depth interview with New York magazine’s The Cut, the comedian — who, in the wake of the scandal, was fired from the CNN New Year’s Eve broadcast that she had co-hosted with Anderson Cooper for 10 years — discussed the controversial photo at length, revealing that it was the catalyst that ultimately ended her nearly two decade-long friendship with Cooper. When the photo surfaced on May 30, the CNN anchor took to Twitter to condemn it: “For the record, I am appalled by the photo shoot Kathy Griffin took part in,” he wrote. “It is clearly disgusting and completely inappropriate.” For the record, I am appalled by the photo shoot Kathy Griffin took part in. It is clearly disgusting and completely inappropriate. — Anderson Cooper (@andersoncooper) May 31, 2017 According to Griffin, in the following days, four of Cooper’s CNN colleagues reached out repeatedly to check on her and offer private support. Cooper, however, didn’t contact Griffin until Aug. 10, The Cut confirmed with CNN. On July 26, when asked about his relationship with Griffin on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen, Cooper said that the two were still friends. Noam Galai/FilmMagic “Yeah, we’re still friends,” he said. “And look, I said what I said about — I didn’t think what she said was appropriate, but I wish her the best and I hope she bounces back. She’s incredibly funny and a lot of people love her and I think she’ll bounce back from this.” Cooper had previously made similar statements during an appearance at Arizona’s Comerica Theatre on June 11: “I don’t want anybody’s career to be destroyed because they do something unfortunate and inappropriate,” he said at the time. “Look, I wish her well and I hope she bounces back and keeps doing what she does best, which is make people laugh.” “CNN made the decision not to bring her back,” he added. “I had nothing to do with it, but I certainly understand why they made that decision.” Griffin, 56, told the magazine that the fact that Cooper was publicly claiming they were friends while not checking in with her hurt deeply. When he finally reached out to her in a series of text messages, she told him their friendship was over. A source close to Cooper, 50, told the magazine that Cooper was “shocked and upset by the photo, and while he was not ready to talk to her personally about it, he still considered her to be a friend, and was publicly supportive when asked about the controversy.” RELATED VIDEO: Jamie Foxx Weighs in on Kathy Griffin Photo Controversy — ‘We’ll Laugh with Her Again’ According to Griffin, other celebrities were more solicitous in the aftermath, such as Jerry Seinfeld and Jamie Foxx, who both spoke publicly in support of the comedian. According to Griffin, Amy Schumer personally sent her a funny video and former Today show host Billy Bush — who was notoriously caught up in his own Trump-related scandal — reportedly suggested in a note that Griffin stay quiet for a while and take up meditation. Despite the far-reaching consequences of the photo, Griffin told The Cut she’s tired of apologizing for it. RELATED VIDEO: Natasha Stoynoff Breaks Silence, Accuses Donald Trump of Sexual Attack “Why are people still expecting me to apologize and grovel to a man that tweets like this?” she said. “I’m a comedian; he’s our f—ing president.” “President Trump just pardoned Joe Arpaio, who was essentially running a concentration camp in the Arizona desert,” she later added. “He said there are some good Nazis, and he’s kicking out young adults who were brought here as kids by their parents, and I’m the one who has to continue to apologize?” ||||| Kathy Griffin walked into her home office just before noon in late June, still wearing pajamas. The comedian, who regularly stays up late, had just woken up to news of President Trump’s latest Twitter tear. Trump had covered a wide range of topics in a series of tweets, from denouncing Robert Mueller’s investigation into Russian interference in the election to House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer — or, as Trump called him in a tweet that morning, “Cryin’ Chuck.” “Why are people still expecting me to apologize and grovel to a man that tweets like this?” Griffin vented to me. “I’m a comedian; he’s our fucking president.” It had been 23 days since a photograph of Griffin holding a Donald Trump mask covered in fake blood completely altered her life. Cooked up as satire in a single afternoon, it first appeared on TMZ and then spread across social media rapidly, uniting Republicans and Democrats in outrage. Griffin released a video apology almost immediately after the photo’s release, but the damage was done; the next day, Trump intensified the backlash by tweeting a claim that his son Barron, 11, was having a difficult time dealing with the image. And members of the First Family, including Trump’s two older sons, launched an aggressive public campaign against Griffin. In the following days, the Secret Service opened an investigation; Griffin was fired from the CNN New Year’s Eve broadcast that she had co-hosted with Anderson Cooper for ten years; a lucrative endorsement contract was canceled, and so were 15 scheduled live performances, owing to bomb threats, which she estimates cost her more than a million dollars. Thousands of death threats rolled in, some of her close friends abandoned her, and even her beloved Fox News–loving mother, Maggie Griffin, joked to her daughter that she would not have her support. A carefully choreographed apology tour might have helped Griffin move past the controversy — the video she filmed the day the photo was released felt hasty, and a defensive press conference a few days later was widely criticized after Griffin (who had, after all, fired the first salvo against Trump) presented herself as a victim. But moving on doesn’t seem to be on Griffin’s mind: The short promotional video she just released for her new Laugh Your Head Off tour of Europe, Australia, and New Zealand concludes with an image of her in the same blouse she wore in the infamous Trump photo, holding a globe in her hand instead of a Trump mask. And she’s still angry with the president. “President Trump just pardoned Joe Arpaio, who was essentially running a concentration camp in the Arizona desert,” she tells me over the phone this past weekend. “He said there are some good Nazis, and he’s kicking out young adults who were brought here as kids by their parents, and I’m the one who has to continue to apologize?” Between these two conversations, I visited Griffin at her home in Los Angeles a number of times (we first met a dozen years ago at a party; in the last year, after she reached out to me via Twitter DM, we began discussing politics regularly). She paid $10.5 million last year for a 13,000-square-foot mansion with all the trappings; her next-door neighbors are Kim Kardashian and Kanye West. “I’ve moved in next door to my act!” she tells me. (She says they’re excellent neighbors and don’t make any noise. When I was with Griffin, Kardashian sent her a text message to see how she was feeling.) Griffin, who made her career by mocking celebrities, is not the most likely comedian to be martyred over the inalienable right to criticize the president. But in the past couple of years, her act has become more and more political. She says that has led some of her fans to bristle. “Comedians talk about what their audience is faced with every day, we try to relate to our audience,” she says. “I’m obsessed with politics. I always have been, and now, with Trump, many people are obsessed with politics, so that’s going to be a big part of my act.” In the course of our talks, the theme she returned to most forcefully was the right to provoke with humor. Griffin describes a visit to an LGBT center in Los Angeles, during which an AIDS patient asked her to mock him so he could feel normal, as a defining moment in her career, and an example of the value of seemingly outrageous comedy. “I would be abandoning my principles as a comic and a human being if I backed off President Trump or any public person,” she tells me. “Comics by their nature are anti-Establishment. They are charged with the often unenviable task of going after people in power. I will never abdicate that responsibility.” Griffin fears the impact of what happened to her will resonate further. “When the president tweeted about me the morning after I released the image, it served as an executive order of sorts to his family and supporters to go after me,” she says. “You may say I deserved it, but just think about it … the president of the United States and his family are going after a stand-up comic who had a show on the Bravo network called My Life on the D-List. If that isn’t punching down, I don’t know what is.” Griffin says she isn’t a victim: “I am in a position of privilege, I will be fine,” she says. “But what about any American citizen, whether they’re artists or not, who innocently post a shocking photo on social media — will they face a federal investigation?” Griffin also worries about the “chilling effect” created by the retribution wielded by a vengeful president and his army of supporters. She thinks that just as she’s taken responsibility for her provocative image, Trump “has to take responsibility for the power he holds with his Twitter account.” Even if one agrees with Griffin’s sentiments, it’s fair to wonder what the image of Trump’s severed head signified beyond the obvious interpretation, and whether Griffin should have realized how much blowback it would create, given the hyperpolarized media environment that surrounds the president. Rick Wilson, a longtime Republican political consultant who denounced Trump early and hasn’t wavered since, says he found Griffin’s image “way outside the boundaries and unhelpful against the cause. I understand how strong passions against Trump run, mine do very frequently, but people are always looking for reasons to delegitimize you.” Charlie Sykes, a conservative political commentator and former radio host who is famously anti-Trump, tells me that Griffin gave Trump and his supporters a big gift by releasing the image. “The moment I saw the picture, I knew [the outcry from Trump and his supporters] was going to happen. It’s a useful meme for Trump: It’s the left that incites violence, it’s the left that engages in hate.” Photo: Robert Maxwell The photos were improvised in an afternoon: Tyler Shields, a celebrity photographer known for his provocative images (he once shot an image of a black man hanging a member of the KKK), was taking some updated portraits of Griffin, and afterward, they decided to create some spoof images involving Trump. Griffin dispatched her assistant to find a Trump mask and a friend made fake blood using ketchup. They wanted to comment on Trump’s infamous comments about Megyn Kelly — “blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever” — after she questioned him about his history of sexist comments in the first Republican presidential debate in 2015. With Griffin’s permission, Shields (who did not respond to requests for comment) released the image — although he didn’t tell her where it would go first. Shields, according to Griffin, chose to give it to TMZ, and the Trump-friendly tabloid’s framing — “Kathy Griffin wants Donald Trump’s head … but she wants it bloody and detached from his body” — didn’t ponder any deeper meanings. Griffin, perhaps naively, assumed that no one would ever think she actually wants to kill anyone, much less the president of the United States. But that’s exactly what some people thought. Chelsea Clinton tweeted, “This is vile and wrong. It is never funny to joke about killing a president.” Will & Grace star Debra Messing, who regularly tweets about her distaste for Trump, tweeted, “It wasn’t right when peoplel [sic] hung lynched Obama effigies, just as what Kathy Griffin did isn’t right now.” When I first saw the photo on Twitter, I assumed it was a private, unfortunate gag that had leaked somehow. (Despite Griffin’s reputation as a shock comic, she is also an astute manager of her image and her act who keeps a First Amendment attorney on retainer.) I called Griffin as the heat was building, but at that point she wasn’t at all concerned. Her first question was, “Oh, is it getting around?” I discouraged her from posting the photo on her own accounts, which have millions of followers, but there was no stopping her — she told me that she was well-versed in dealing with controversy. After it became clear that Griffin stood behind the image, a brewing controversy turned into a full-on firestorm. Three hours later, I got an Instagram alert on my phone: Griffin had posted her apology video. It was a call from Rosie O’Donnell that made Griffin realize the mistake she had made. O’Donnell arguably has had more ire directed at her from Trump than any other celebrity, but she confirmed to me that she asked Griffin a simple question: “What is James Foley’s mom going to think when she sees this?” Foley, an American journalist, was beheaded by ISIS in 2014 while on assignment in Syria. Griffin’s apology appeared to satiate her liberal fan base, but Republicans continued to be outraged. Her hope was that things would calm down over the next few days and she could try to return to normal life. But they didn’t. The next morning, as many expected, Trump tweeted about the incident: “Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick!” The First Lady, Melania Trump, released a statement questioning Griffin’s mental health saying, “[A] photo opportunity like this is simply wrong and makes you wonder about the mental health of the person who did it.” The reaction from Trump’s sons and daughter-in-law was even more aggressive. Donald Trump Jr. tweeted repeatedly about Griffin and even tweeted at CNN anchor Jake Tapper asking him if Griffin would be fired. Lara Trump, who is married to Trump’s son Eric, appeared on Sean Hannity’s program on Fox News to denounce Griffin. (The White House declined multiple requests to comment on this story.) It’s hard to imagine any other U.S. president, much less his family, going after any entertainer the way Trump and his family went after Griffin. Wilson told me that he finds it ironic that Trump, who rode into the White House on a platform of decrying political correctness, has presided over the development of a “highly refined outrage culture, particularly around himself. There is no humor. He and his supporters will go to DEFCON 1 if they sense there’s something that offends him.” Wilson added that he has also dealt with death threats and loss of business because of his commentary about Trump. Sykes and Wilson both tell me they refuse to accept that Trump was truly offended by Griffin’s image. On June 23, it was revealed that Al Baldasaro, a member of New Hampshire’s House of Representatives and a top Trump supporter, was a guest of Trump’s at a bill-signing at the White House. During the 2016 campaign, Baldasaro said on two occasions that Hillary Clinton should have been shot by a firing squad. As the photo spread around the internet, Griffin’s social media was flooded with detailed and gruesome death threats. The agency that represented Griffin for television work had to shut down their switchboard because they were flooded with angry calls. In the week after, she received death threats via mail — some of the messages, which I reviewed, were stunning and frightening in their specificity. Fox News featured the Griffin controversy throughout their programming, and their opinion hosts talked about it length. While many news programs have blurred the image of Trump’s head, Hannity showed it in its original form repeatedly over the past 89 days, even though he claims that the image could incite violence against Trump. A Fox News spokeswoman declined an interview on Hannity’s behalf. There’s a chance that Griffin could have recovered from the controversy much sooner, had she not made the fateful decision to hold a press conference with her newly retained attorney Lisa Bloom just three days after the photo was released. Bloom, known as an attorney who specializes in women’s advocacy, is a ubiquitous presence on cable television whose fame has increased as she has been retained by clients who have accused President Trump and former Fox News host Bill O’Reilly of sexual assault and harassment, respectively. Before the press conference, Griffin received text messages and emails from friends, begging her not to go through with it; they felt it would only further inflame the situation. But Griffin felt that she would look erratic if she canceled, and she was also feeling wounded by all the attacks. It was a disaster: Griffin appeared defensive and nervous instead of resolute. She talked as if she had been the victim of an unprovoked attack. “None of the points I wanted to make in that press conference came across because I said I was a victim and acted like a victim. I take responsibility for that,” she says. In the aftermath, Griffin says she couldn’t even find a reputable crisis-management expert to take her on as a client, and she still hasn’t found a publicist. Entreaties from her team are met with responses like, “We aren’t taking on new clients right now” — Hollywood speak for “we don’t want you.” Griffin decided to leave WME, the agency that has represented her for television projects, but she is staying with her longtime concert agent at ICM. Meanwhile, other stars who’ve made statements that have landed them in the crosshairs of the Secret Service — like Johnny Depp, who made a Trump assassination joke on camera — have seen the ensuing controversy swiftly go away (it helps that Trump didn’t tweet about Depp). For the past two and a half months, Griffin, who says she traveled to 80 cities last year as part of her comedy concert tour, has been in hibernation. She’s gone to five social functions and a few business meetings. In July, Griffin’s sister Joyce was diagnosed with cancer and Griffin shaved her head in solidarity. The thousands of death threats have trickled to mere hundreds. The Secret Service investigation, after an hour-long interview, remained open for two months, stoking Griffin’s fear that somehow the levers of government power might be used against her, until her lawyer was finally informed that the inquiry had closed. In the past few years, Griffin, who has always been a political junkie, has contributed thousands of dollars to elected officials like Barack Obama and Minnesota senator Al Franken, according to federal records. She co-hosted a town hall with California congressman Ted Lieu, and she’s appeared regularly on MSNBC to talk about LGBT and women’s advocacy. Griffin says she was supposed to host a fundraiser for House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi at her home the week after the photo was released. In July, she adds, she was slated to speak at Politicon, a convention of political and media leaders from both parties, in Pasadena, California. All of that went away almost immediately. Franken admonished her publicly and Pelosi’s office canceled the fundraiser. But getting fired by CNN was the most public indignity for Griffin because it involved business and personal relationships that had been fraught with tension for years. Griffin credits CNN president Jeff Zucker with reinvigorating her career in 2003 when she was doing stand-up at the Laugh Factory in Los Angeles. According to EW, Zucker, then president of NBC Entertainment, came to see her act and they eventually struck a deal for Griffin to have her own reality show on the NBC-owned Bravo Network called My Life on the D-List. But since Zucker became CNN chief, he and Griffin had clashed regularly, she says. New Year’s Eve is a big money-making opportunity for entertainers, and the CNN gig didn’t pay very well. In 2015, Griffin says she called Zucker directly to see if he could bump up her compensation. The broadcast was receiving record ratings, Griffin was doing a lot of the work as the comedian to Cooper’s straight man, and the broadcast had gone from 90 minutes to four-and-a-half hours since she started doing it. Griffin says Zucker was livid and told her that he could get comedian Samantha Bee to take her place. Zucker, Griffin says, called her agent and publicist to say she was fired. They eventually made up, but not before Zucker cut Griffin’s pay (she did get a raise in 2016). Griffin also says that before the 2017 broadcast, Zucker called her at home to tell her she could only do four jokes about Trump (the first time there had ever been limits on her material during the special). When Griffin pushed back, she says Zucker said to her, “I don’t need this, you don’t need this. He’s come after me harder than anybody. I have to deal with this guy.” Griffin reluctantly agreed to the limit. Zucker, through a CNN spokeswoman, declined to comment. Griffin’s best-known celebrity friendship, going back 17 years, is with CNN anchor Anderson Cooper. But after TMZ published the photo, Cooper came under tremendous pressure to repudiate it. Without reaching out to Griffin, he tweeted the same night: “For the record, I am appalled by the photo shoot Kathy Griffin took part in. It is clearly disgusting and completely inappropriate.” Griffin acknowledges that Cooper was in an untenable position, but she feels that their long friendship afforded her a call or text message beforehand. In the following days, Griffin says four of Cooper’s CNN colleagues reached out repeatedly to Griffin to check on her and offer private support (I independently confirmed this). But Cooper didn’t contact Griffin until August 10, CNN confirmed to me. On July 26, when asked about Griffin on Andy Cohen’s talk show, Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen, Cooper claimed that Griffin was still a friend. “Yeah, we’re still friends, and look I said what I said about — I didn’t think what she said was appropriate, but I wish her the best and I hope she bounces back,” he told Cohen. The fact that Cooper was telling people publicly they were friends, while not checking in with her, hurt Griffin deeply. When he finally reached out to her in a series of text messages, she told him their friendship was over. A source close to Cooper tells me that Cooper was “shocked and upset by the photo, and while he was not ready to talk to her personally about it, he still considered her to be a friend, and was publicly supportive when asked about the controversy.” Other celebrities were more solicitous. Advice and support flooded in from Hollywood friends, actors, and comics. One critically revered comedian, Griffin says, reassured her that her career wasn’t over and that every comic would give their right arm for the act she’d have after the controversy died down. A comedic movie legend said the incident would be a landmark in the way comedy is viewed. Jerry Seinfeld and Jamie Foxx made supportive comments publicly. Amy Schumer sent Griffin a funny video that Griffin played for me but declined to let me describe. When a couple who live in her gated community, but whom Griffin had never known or met, dropped off a cake and a note, Griffin was so touched that she broke down crying in her bed. Despite all the private support, no entertainers were willing to speak to me on the record about Griffin. For this story, I reached out to a number of celebrities, especially comics, that Griffin is close friends with. They’ve been calling and texting Griffin in the past few months to check in on her. A few of them even initially told me that they would talk to me for this story, but when I reached out to their publicists to set up phone interviews, I was politely turned away. There was also some unsolicited advice. An iconic actress told Griffin to stay at home and out of the limelight until Trump was impeached (it’s unclear when the actress thought that would happen). Former Today show host Billy Bush, who knows what getting caught up in a Trump-related scandal is like, suggested, in a note Griffin shared with me, that she stay quiet for a while and take up meditation. The most disturbing advice came via email from a member of the board of directors of the CBS Corporation, Arnold Kopelson, an Academy Award–winning producer who Griffin used to consider a friend. Kopelson emailed Griffin with a prewritten letter to President Trump that he said she should mail to him, and which Griffin shared with me. The letter includes phrases like, “Now with my world crumbling around me, I am listening for the first time about the great things you have done and are doing. How stupid I was to follow the lies from the ‘Left.’ It took my terrible mistake to finally see the false news,” and “I do not deserve what I am asking of you. I am begging you to open your heart and forgive me.” Kopelson said that Griffin should “exclusively release the letter to Fox Broadcasting,” adding, “Do not send to the other networks.” “If you don’t do exactly what I’ve written, your career is over,” Kopelson wrote. A spokesman for CBS Corporation declined to comment. When I called Kopelson for comment, he said, “I’m tied up” as soon as I explained the reason for the call, and hung up the phone. Kopelson did not respond to a request for comment via email. Griffin tells me that Kopelson’s email was indicative of “men who control the checkbooks,” who, despite the entertainment industry’s liberal reputation, tend to be more conservative and don’t like people who rock the boat. She acknowledged that revealing details about people like Kopelson, Cooper, and Zucker is unusual, and could harm her future employment prospects. But Griffin occupies an unusual space in comedy: Like her late friend and mentor Joan Rivers, she has constantly struggled to be taken seriously, but managed to build a substantial fan base that has enriched her and made her very famous. Her concert agent showed me Ticketmaster data indicating that over the past 13 years, Griffin has sold over 1.2 million tickets to her shows. Griffin says she wants to focus on First Amendment issues now. She’s hoping to organize a First Amendment concert with the ACLU, and she’s working on a documentary film of her upcoming international tour, as well as a docu-series, although none of these projects has come to fruition yet. In the meantime, although she’s still too worried about her physical safety to tour America, Griffin is off around the world. Her act will feature plenty of Trump jokes, despite the fact that some of her friends have suggested she take it easy on the president for a while. Rick Wilson thinks she has no alternative. “The way Trump wins is if he shuts people up permanently and scares them off from being vocal critics,” he said. “She has to go back to war.” Production Credits: Photos by Robert Maxwell Hair by Joseph Chase using GHD tools and R&CO; at Exclusive Artists Makeup by Mandy O’Hanlon for Hourglass Cosmetics ||||| Kathy Griffin walked into her home office just before noon in late June, still wearing pajamas. The comedian, who regularly stays up late, had just woken up to news of President Trump’s latest Twitter tear. Trump had covered a wide range of topics in a series of tweets, from denouncing Robert Mueller’s investigation into Russian interference in the election to House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer — or, as Trump called him in a tweet that morning, “Cryin’ Chuck.” “Why are people still expecting me to apologize and grovel to a man that tweets like this?” Griffin vented to me. “I’m a comedian; he’s our fucking president.” It had been 23 days since a photograph of Griffin holding a Donald Trump mask covered in fake blood completely altered her life. Cooked up as satire in a single afternoon, it first appeared on TMZ and then spread across social media rapidly, uniting Republicans and Democrats in outrage. Griffin released a video apology almost immediately after the photo’s release, but the damage was done; the next day, Trump intensified the backlash by tweeting a claim that his son Barron, 11, was having a difficult time dealing with the image. And members of the First Family, including Trump’s two older sons, launched an aggressive public campaign against Griffin. In the following days, the Secret Service opened an investigation; Griffin was fired from the CNN New Year’s Eve broadcast that she had co-hosted with Anderson Cooper for ten years; a lucrative endorsement contract was canceled, and so were 15 scheduled live performances, owing to bomb threats, which she estimates cost her more than a million dollars. Thousands of death threats rolled in, some of her close friends abandoned her, and even her beloved Fox News–loving mother, Maggie Griffin, joked to her daughter that she would not have her support. A carefully choreographed apology tour might have helped Griffin move past the controversy — the video she filmed the day the photo was released felt hasty, and a defensive press conference a few days later was widely criticized after Griffin (who had, after all, fired the first salvo against Trump) presented herself as a victim. But moving on doesn’t seem to be on Griffin’s mind: The short promotional video she just released for her new Laugh Your Head Off tour of Europe, Australia, and New Zealand concludes with an image of her in the same blouse she wore in the infamous Trump photo, holding a globe in her hand instead of a Trump mask. And she’s still angry with the president. “President Trump just pardoned Joe Arpaio, who was essentially running a concentration camp in the Arizona desert,” she tells me over the phone this past weekend. “He said there are some good Nazis, and he’s kicking out young adults who were brought here as kids by their parents, and I’m the one who has to continue to apologize?” Between these two conversations, I visited Griffin at her home in Los Angeles a number of times (we first met a dozen years ago at a party; in the last year, after she reached out to me via Twitter DM, we began discussing politics regularly). She paid $10.5 million last year for a 13,000-square-foot mansion with all the trappings; her next-door neighbors are Kim Kardashian and Kanye West. “I’ve moved in next door to my act!” she tells me. (She says they’re excellent neighbors and don’t make any noise. When I was with Griffin, Kardashian sent her a text message to see how she was feeling.) Griffin, who made her career by mocking celebrities, is not the most likely comedian to be martyred over the inalienable right to criticize the president. But in the past couple of years, her act has become more and more political. She says that has led some of her fans to bristle. “Comedians talk about what their audience is faced with every day, we try to relate to our audience,” she says. “I’m obsessed with politics. I always have been, and now, with Trump, many people are obsessed with politics, so that’s going to be a big part of my act.” In the course of our talks, the theme she returned to most forcefully was the right to provoke with humor. Griffin describes a visit to an LGBT center in Los Angeles, during which an AIDS patient asked her to mock him so he could feel normal, as a defining moment in her career, and an example of the value of seemingly outrageous comedy. “I would be abandoning my principles as a comic and a human being if I backed off President Trump or any public person,” she tells me. “Comics by their nature are anti-Establishment. They are charged with the often unenviable task of going after people in power. I will never abdicate that responsibility.” Griffin fears the impact of what happened to her will resonate further. “When the president tweeted about me the morning after I released the image, it served as an executive order of sorts to his family and supporters to go after me,” she says. “You may say I deserved it, but just think about it … the president of the United States and his family are going after a stand-up comic who had a show on the Bravo network called My Life on the D-List. If that isn’t punching down, I don’t know what is.” Griffin says she isn’t a victim: “I am in a position of privilege, I will be fine,” she says. “But what about any American citizen, whether they’re artists or not, who innocently post a shocking photo on social media — will they face a federal investigation?” Griffin also worries about the “chilling effect” created by the retribution wielded by a vengeful president and his army of supporters. She thinks that just as she’s taken responsibility for her provocative image, Trump “has to take responsibility for the power he holds with his Twitter account.” Even if one agrees with Griffin’s sentiments, it’s fair to wonder what the image of Trump’s severed head signified beyond the obvious interpretation, and whether Griffin should have realized how much blowback it would create, given the hyperpolarized media environment that surrounds the president. Rick Wilson, a longtime Republican political consultant who denounced Trump early and hasn’t wavered since, says he found Griffin’s image “way outside the boundaries and unhelpful against the cause. I understand how strong passions against Trump run, mine do very frequently, but people are always looking for reasons to delegitimize you.” Charlie Sykes, a conservative political commentator and former radio host who is famously anti-Trump, tells me that Griffin gave Trump and his supporters a big gift by releasing the image. “The moment I saw the picture, I knew [the outcry from Trump and his supporters] was going to happen. It’s a useful meme for Trump: It’s the left that incites violence, it’s the left that engages in hate.” Photo: Robert Maxwell The photos were improvised in an afternoon: Tyler Shields, a celebrity photographer known for his provocative images (he once shot an image of a black man hanging a member of the KKK), was taking some updated portraits of Griffin, and afterward, they decided to create some spoof images involving Trump. Griffin dispatched her assistant to find a Trump mask and a friend made fake blood using ketchup. They wanted to comment on Trump’s infamous comments about Megyn Kelly — “blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever” — after she questioned him about his history of sexist comments in the first Republican presidential debate in 2015. With Griffin’s permission, Shields (who did not respond to requests for comment) released the image — although he didn’t tell her where it would go first. Shields, according to Griffin, chose to give it to TMZ, and the Trump-friendly tabloid’s framing — “Kathy Griffin wants Donald Trump’s head … but she wants it bloody and detached from his body” — didn’t ponder any deeper meanings. Griffin, perhaps naively, assumed that no one would ever think she actually wants to kill anyone, much less the president of the United States. But that’s exactly what some people thought. Chelsea Clinton tweeted, “This is vile and wrong. It is never funny to joke about killing a president.” Will & Grace star Debra Messing, who regularly tweets about her distaste for Trump, tweeted, “It wasn’t right when peoplel [sic] hung lynched Obama effigies, just as what Kathy Griffin did isn’t right now.” When I first saw the photo on Twitter, I assumed it was a private, unfortunate gag that had leaked somehow. (Despite Griffin’s reputation as a shock comic, she is also an astute manager of her image and her act who keeps a First Amendment attorney on retainer.) I called Griffin as the heat was building, but at that point she wasn’t at all concerned. Her first question was, “Oh, is it getting around?” I discouraged her from posting the photo on her own accounts, which have millions of followers, but there was no stopping her — she told me that she was well-versed in dealing with controversy. After it became clear that Griffin stood behind the image, a brewing controversy turned into a full-on firestorm. Three hours later, I got an Instagram alert on my phone: Griffin had posted her apology video. It was a call from Rosie O’Donnell that made Griffin realize the mistake she had made. O’Donnell arguably has had more ire directed at her from Trump than any other celebrity, but she confirmed to me that she asked Griffin a simple question: “What is James Foley’s mom going to think when she sees this?” Foley, an American journalist, was beheaded by ISIS in 2014 while on assignment in Syria. Griffin’s apology appeared to satiate her liberal fan base, but Republicans continued to be outraged. Her hope was that things would calm down over the next few days and she could try to return to normal life. But they didn’t. The next morning, as many expected, Trump tweeted about the incident: “Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick!” The First Lady, Melania Trump, released a statement questioning Griffin’s mental health saying, “[A] photo opportunity like this is simply wrong and makes you wonder about the mental health of the person who did it.” The reaction from Trump’s sons and daughter-in-law was even more aggressive. Donald Trump Jr. tweeted repeatedly about Griffin and even tweeted at CNN anchor Jake Tapper asking him if Griffin would be fired. Lara Trump, who is married to Trump’s son Eric, appeared on Sean Hannity’s program on Fox News to denounce Griffin. (The White House declined multiple requests to comment on this story.) It’s hard to imagine any other U.S. president, much less his family, going after any entertainer the way Trump and his family went after Griffin. Wilson told me that he finds it ironic that Trump, who rode into the White House on a platform of decrying political correctness, has presided over the development of a “highly refined outrage culture, particularly around himself. There is no humor. He and his supporters will go to DEFCON 1 if they sense there’s something that offends him.” Wilson added that he has also dealt with death threats and loss of business because of his commentary about Trump. Sykes and Wilson both tell me they refuse to accept that Trump was truly offended by Griffin’s image. On June 23, it was revealed that Al Baldasaro, a member of New Hampshire’s House of Representatives and a top Trump supporter, was a guest of Trump’s at a bill-signing at the White House. During the 2016 campaign, Baldasaro said on two occasions that Hillary Clinton should have been shot by a firing squad. As the photo spread around the internet, Griffin’s social media was flooded with detailed and gruesome death threats. The agency that represented Griffin for television work had to shut down their switchboard because they were flooded with angry calls. In the week after, she received death threats via mail — some of the messages, which I reviewed, were stunning and frightening in their specificity. Fox News featured the Griffin controversy throughout their programming, and their opinion hosts talked about it length. While many news programs have blurred the image of Trump’s head, Hannity showed it in its original form repeatedly over the past 89 days, even though he claims that the image could incite violence against Trump. A Fox News spokeswoman declined an interview on Hannity’s behalf. There’s a chance that Griffin could have recovered from the controversy much sooner, had she not made the fateful decision to hold a press conference with her newly retained attorney Lisa Bloom just three days after the photo was released. Bloom, known as an attorney who specializes in women’s advocacy, is a ubiquitous presence on cable television whose fame has increased as she has been retained by clients who have accused President Trump and former Fox News host Bill O’Reilly of sexual assault and harassment, respectively. Before the press conference, Griffin received text messages and emails from friends, begging her not to go through with it; they felt it would only further inflame the situation. But Griffin felt that she would look erratic if she canceled, and she was also feeling wounded by all the attacks. It was a disaster: Griffin appeared defensive and nervous instead of resolute. She talked as if she had been the victim of an unprovoked attack. “None of the points I wanted to make in that press conference came across because I said I was a victim and acted like a victim. I take responsibility for that,” she says. In the aftermath, Griffin says she couldn’t even find a reputable crisis-management expert to take her on as a client, and she still hasn’t found a publicist. Entreaties from her team are met with responses like, “We aren’t taking on new clients right now” — Hollywood speak for “we don’t want you.” Griffin decided to leave WME, the agency that has represented her for television projects, but she is staying with her longtime concert agent at ICM. Meanwhile, other stars who’ve made statements that have landed them in the crosshairs of the Secret Service — like Johnny Depp, who made a Trump assassination joke on camera — have seen the ensuing controversy swiftly go away (it helps that Trump didn’t tweet about Depp). For the past two and a half months, Griffin, who says she traveled to 80 cities last year as part of her comedy concert tour, has been in hibernation. She’s gone to five social functions and a few business meetings. In July, Griffin’s sister Joyce was diagnosed with cancer and Griffin shaved her head in solidarity. The thousands of death threats have trickled to mere hundreds. The Secret Service investigation, after an hour-long interview, remained open for two months, stoking Griffin’s fear that somehow the levers of government power might be used against her, until her lawyer was finally informed that the inquiry had closed. In the past few years, Griffin, who has always been a political junkie, has contributed thousands of dollars to elected officials like Barack Obama and Minnesota senator Al Franken, according to federal records. She co-hosted a town hall with California congressman Ted Lieu, and she’s appeared regularly on MSNBC to talk about LGBT and women’s advocacy. Griffin says she was supposed to host a fundraiser for House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi at her home the week after the photo was released. In July, she adds, she was slated to speak at Politicon, a convention of political and media leaders from both parties, in Pasadena, California. All of that went away almost immediately. Franken admonished her publicly and Pelosi’s office canceled the fundraiser. But getting fired by CNN was the most public indignity for Griffin because it involved business and personal relationships that had been fraught with tension for years. Griffin credits CNN president Jeff Zucker with reinvigorating her career in 2003 when she was doing stand-up at the Laugh Factory in Los Angeles. According to EW, Zucker, then president of NBC Entertainment, came to see her act and they eventually struck a deal for Griffin to have her own reality show on the NBC-owned Bravo Network called My Life on the D-List. But since Zucker became CNN chief, he and Griffin had clashed regularly, she says. New Year’s Eve is a big money-making opportunity for entertainers, and the CNN gig didn’t pay very well. In 2015, Griffin says she called Zucker directly to see if he could bump up her compensation. The broadcast was receiving record ratings, Griffin was doing a lot of the work as the comedian to Cooper’s straight man, and the broadcast had gone from 90 minutes to four-and-a-half hours since she started doing it. Griffin says Zucker was livid and told her that he could get comedian Samantha Bee to take her place. Zucker, Griffin says, called her agent and publicist to say she was fired. They eventually made up, but not before Zucker cut Griffin’s pay (she did get a raise in 2016). Griffin also says that before the 2017 broadcast, Zucker called her at home to tell her she could only do four jokes about Trump (the first time there had ever been limits on her material during the special). When Griffin pushed back, she says Zucker said to her, “I don’t need this, you don’t need this. He’s come after me harder than anybody. I have to deal with this guy.” Griffin reluctantly agreed to the limit. Zucker, through a CNN spokeswoman, declined to comment. Griffin’s best-known celebrity friendship, going back 17 years, is with CNN anchor Anderson Cooper. But after TMZ published the photo, Cooper came under tremendous pressure to repudiate it. Without reaching out to Griffin, he tweeted the same night: “For the record, I am appalled by the photo shoot Kathy Griffin took part in. It is clearly disgusting and completely inappropriate.” Griffin acknowledges that Cooper was in an untenable position, but she feels that their long friendship afforded her a call or text message beforehand. In the following days, Griffin says four of Cooper’s CNN colleagues reached out repeatedly to Griffin to check on her and offer private support (I independently confirmed this). But Cooper didn’t contact Griffin until August 10, CNN confirmed to me. On July 26, when asked about Griffin on Andy Cohen’s talk show, Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen, Cooper claimed that Griffin was still a friend. “Yeah, we’re still friends, and look I said what I said about — I didn’t think what she said was appropriate, but I wish her the best and I hope she bounces back,” he told Cohen. The fact that Cooper was telling people publicly they were friends, while not checking in with her, hurt Griffin deeply. When he finally reached out to her in a series of text messages, she told him their friendship was over. A source close to Cooper tells me that Cooper was “shocked and upset by the photo, and while he was not ready to talk to her personally about it, he still considered her to be a friend, and was publicly supportive when asked about the controversy.” Other celebrities were more solicitous. Advice and support flooded in from Hollywood friends, actors, and comics. One critically revered comedian, Griffin says, reassured her that her career wasn’t over and that every comic would give their right arm for the act she’d have after the controversy died down. A comedic movie legend said the incident would be a landmark in the way comedy is viewed. Jerry Seinfeld and Jamie Foxx made supportive comments publicly. Amy Schumer sent Griffin a funny video that Griffin played for me but declined to let me describe. When a couple who live in her gated community, but whom Griffin had never known or met, dropped off a cake and a note, Griffin was so touched that she broke down crying in her bed. Despite all the private support, no entertainers were willing to speak to me on the record about Griffin. For this story, I reached out to a number of celebrities, especially comics, that Griffin is close friends with. They’ve been calling and texting Griffin in the past few months to check in on her. A few of them even initially told me that they would talk to me for this story, but when I reached out to their publicists to set up phone interviews, I was politely turned away. There was also some unsolicited advice. An iconic actress told Griffin to stay at home and out of the limelight until Trump was impeached (it’s unclear when the actress thought that would happen). Former Today show host Billy Bush, who knows what getting caught up in a Trump-related scandal is like, suggested, in a note Griffin shared with me, that she stay quiet for a while and take up meditation. The most disturbing advice came via email from a member of the board of directors of the CBS Corporation, Arnold Kopelson, an Academy Award–winning producer who Griffin used to consider a friend. Kopelson emailed Griffin with a prewritten letter to President Trump that he said she should mail to him, and which Griffin shared with me. The letter includes phrases like, “Now with my world crumbling around me, I am listening for the first time about the great things you have done and are doing. How stupid I was to follow the lies from the ‘Left.’ It took my terrible mistake to finally see the false news,” and “I do not deserve what I am asking of you. I am begging you to open your heart and forgive me.” Kopelson said that Griffin should “exclusively release the letter to Fox Broadcasting,” adding, “Do not send to the other networks.” “If you don’t do exactly what I’ve written, your career is over,” Kopelson wrote. A spokesman for CBS Corporation declined to comment. When I called Kopelson for comment, he said, “I’m tied up” as soon as I explained the reason for the call, and hung up the phone. Kopelson did not respond to a request for comment via email. Griffin tells me that Kopelson’s email was indicative of “men who control the checkbooks,” who, despite the entertainment industry’s liberal reputation, tend to be more conservative and don’t like people who rock the boat. She acknowledged that revealing details about people like Kopelson, Cooper, and Zucker is unusual, and could harm her future employment prospects. But Griffin occupies an unusual space in comedy: Like her late friend and mentor Joan Rivers, she has constantly struggled to be taken seriously, but managed to build a substantial fan base that has enriched her and made her very famous. Her concert agent showed me Ticketmaster data indicating that over the past 13 years, Griffin has sold over 1.2 million tickets to her shows. Griffin says she wants to focus on First Amendment issues now. She’s hoping to organize a First Amendment concert with the ACLU, and she’s working on a documentary film of her upcoming international tour, as well as a docu-series, although none of these projects has come to fruition yet. In the meantime, although she’s still too worried about her physical safety to tour America, Griffin is off around the world. Her act will feature plenty of Trump jokes, despite the fact that some of her friends have suggested she take it easy on the president for a while. Rick Wilson thinks she has no alternative. “The way Trump wins is if he shuts people up permanently and scares them off from being vocal critics,” he said. “She has to go back to war.” Production Credits: Photos by Robert Maxwell Hair by Joseph Chase using GHD tools and R&CO; at Exclusive Artists Makeup by Mandy O’Hanlon for Hourglass Cosmetics |||||Juventus were never in for Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli, insists the Italian club's general director Beppe Marotta. The former Manchester City forward was linked with a move from AC Milan to their Serie A rivals, but the 24-year-old made the switch from the San Siro to Anfield instead for £16million. And Marotta, whose club have won three from three without conceding this season, insists Juventus were never interested in signing Balotelli. Juventus were never in for Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli, insists the club's general director Beppe Marotta . Former Manchester City forward Mario Balotelli was linked with a move from AC Milan to their Serie A rivals . Mario Balotelli, a 24-year-old striker, made the switch from the San Siro to Anfield instead for £16million . 'Balotelli? He has never been our target. We have never negotiated for him,' Marotta told Radio Uno. 'In January if we need to do so then we will make corrective measures. We are happy with the group at the disposal of Allegri, we are competitive in Italy and even in Europe, where there are other clubs stronger than us. 'I have heard criticism of our defence, but if I am not mistaken, after three games we have not conceded a goal. 'In recent years, Juventus' appeal has returned to what it was in the past. Years ago, (Udinese forward Antonio) Di Natale would not come, but now champions are willingly doing so. 'We have created a structure, with (sporting director Fabio) Paratici that allows us to take advantage of opportunities in the market.' Juventus were never in for Liverpool's newest striker Mario Balotelli, insists Beppe Marotta (pictured) Mario Balotelli gets involved in a clash with West Ham goalkeeper Adrian during Liverpool's 3-1 loss . Liverpool striker Mario Balotelli, never far from controversy, squares up to West Ham goalkeeper Adrian .An independent commission concluded Ferdinand's response to a tweet describing Chelsea's Ashley Cole as a "choc ice" did not make him a racist. "It is the idea that a black person is black only in skin colour but inside they are really white. It's a highly derogatory term. It's a dangerous term because it allows black boys especially but black people in general, to believe that there is a way of being black that is somehow distinct from being white. There are people that think if you don't wear a certain type of clothing or listen to a certain type of music you're not really black. It's a really dangerous thing. There are black boys who do less well in school because they believe by doing well there, they are acting white. To me, this is devastating for black boys and black people everywhere. It's a deeply offensive term with racial connotations." But it was ruled the centre-half had brought the game into disrepute. "The commission found that the breach included a reference to ethnic origin, colour or race," read an FA statement. Ferdinand was also warned as to his future conduct. Manchester United have decided not to appeal against the decision. The United defender tweeted: "I hear you fella! Choc ice is classic hahahahahaha!!" in response to a message from @carltonEbanks which stated: "Looks like Ashley Cole's going to be their choc ice. Then again he's always been a sell out. Shame on him." The term relates to the black and white nature of a choc ice and can imply someone is being black on the outside and white on the inside. The tweet appeared on Ferdinand's timeline after Chelsea and England left-back Cole appeared in court as a defence witness for team-mate John Terry, who was cleared of racially abusing Ferdinand's younger brother, Anton, in a game against QPR on 23 October last year. Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson said: "They (the FA) want to close the door on this kind of thing. "What surprises me is that other players have been twittering for ages and have never been challenged by the FA. "His (Ferdinand's) status in the game has caused that and who he plays for is maybe another issue." In bringing their charge, the FA made it clear they did not feel Ferdinand was a racist, rather that he had acted improperly. In a statement outlining their decision, the commission said: "The Football Association clearly states that this is not an allegation that Mr Ferdinand is a racist, concedes that he is not a racist but contends that his conduct in endorsing @carltonEbanks tweet in a public forum is a term of abuse and brought the game into disrepute." This is Mr Ferdinand's first offence. He was the Football Association's 'Poster boy' and role model to other professional footballers in the use of Twitter and has a track record in fronting anti-racism campaigns in football Ferdinand conceded the tweet was insulting, although he insisted in the hearing he was not expressing a racist view. The commission's report continued: "Mr Ferdinand stated the words 'choc ice' was a reference to race... but also means the person is fake. "He accepted that the words of the tweet were insulting and conceded that the term could only be used when referring to a black or mixed race person and not a person with white skin. "Mr Ferdinand therefore admitted that the term 'choc ice' referred to Mr Cole's colour, ethnic origin or race. "The charge is proven and the breach of FA Rule E3 was aggravated by reference to Mr Cole's colour, ethnic origin or race." The hearing did accept there were mitigating factors taken into consideration before they decided on their punishment. "A number of factors have to be considered in determining the penalty," the statement read. "This is Mr Ferdinand's first offence. He has a clear disciplinary record. He was the Football Association's 'Poster boy' and role model to other professional footballers in the use of Twitter and has a track record in fronting anti-racism campaigns in football. "It was in response to a tweet rather than an original tweet." A representative for Cole released a statement soon after Ferdinand's tweet to emphasis he still viewed the Manchester United defender as a friend. "Ashley Cole wishes to make it clear that he and Rio Ferdinand are good friends and he has no intention of making any sort of complaint," it read. "Ashley appreciates that Tweeting is so quick it often results in offhand and stray comments." Since Ferdinand's tweet Terry has been charged with improper conduct by the FA for the alleged comments he made to Anton Ferdinand, a charge he has vowed to contest. Terry, 31, is alleged to have used "abusive and/or insulting words and/or behaviour" during the game.By . Anna Hodgekiss . A spelling error by hospital staff meant they missed a crucial chance to help a troubled mother who later killed herself. NHS workers made a tiny keyboard mistake that left them unaware of Marie Natalie Piner’s long history of depression. The records that would have shown her mental health issues were missed, and the young mother was discharged. Marie Natalie Piner was found dead after she was discharged from hospital. A spelling blunder by NHS staff meant they were unaware of her long history of depression . The 36-year-old was later found dead in a car in her home town of Clacton, Essex after taking an overdose of prescription pills. The . computer system used at the hospital at the centre of the incident has . now been revamped following the death, an inquest heard. The hearing was . told that staff at Colchester General Hospital saw Mrs Piner on . November 27 last year. They inputted her maiden name L’Aimable on a . computer – but left off the vital apostrophe. The mistake meant her long history of treatment for depression did not appear on screen. She was still referred to mental health staff, who carried out an assessment but then discharged her. Just . weeks later on December 8 last year, Mrs Piner was reported missing . after she phoned her daughter and a friend, warning them that she had . large amounts of pills and intended to take them all. The . disappearance sparked a major search involving a police helicopter and . lifeboats. Mrs Piner was found dead four days later in a Mercedes C180 . in a Clacton car park. A . toxicology report showed she had a fatal amount of the prescription . opiate Tramadol in her system. A spokesman for North Essex Partnership, . which carried out the mental health assessment, said a revamped computer . system is set to go live from October. Changes mean that slight mistakes on spellings will still yield search results. The . spokesman said: ‘Mrs Piner was referred for assessment in November 2012 . following treatment in a general hospital setting, but under her maiden . name L’Aimable and unfortunately without the apostrophe. ‘During her assessment she did not disclose her previous psychiatric history. ‘Regrettably . the consequence was that at the end of her mental health assessment, . with the information available, and with Mrs Piner’s agreement, no . further support was required from the Trust at that time.’ Essex assistant coroner Eleanor McGann ruled the death was a suicide as a result of an overdose. She said: ‘Mrs Piner had a very high level of Tramadol in her system - much higher than would be required to kill somebody.’Andy Lack, the chairman of NBC News, emailed employees on September 3 to dispute allegations that the news network hindered or tried to kill Ronan Farrow's reporting on Harvey Weinstein, the Hollywood mogul who has been accused by multiple women of sexual assault. Dear Colleagues, This is an unusual situation for a news division. In the last several days, questions surrounding how NBC News handled Ronan Farrow's investigation of Harvey Weinstein have resurfaced. The following pages lay out all the facts dispassionately and in necessary detail -- from start to finish. If you have any remaining questions, please don't hesitate to ask. For the past nine months, it has been our belief that the 'story' here is about Harvey Weinstein's horrendous behavior and about the suffering and bravery of his victims, rather than a back-and-forth between a reporter and his producer and a news network. However, we've watched with disappointment as unfounded intimations and accusations have traveled through media circles. At NBC News, one of our primary goals is to produce outstanding investigative journalism that stands up to intense scrutiny and has a meaningful impact on society. We had that goal very much in mind when we first assigned Ronan Farrow to look into rumors in Hollywood about Harvey Weinstein, as many other news organizations had done before us over the span of two decades. We spent eight months pursuing the story but at the end of that time, NBC News -- like many others before us -- still did not have a single victim or witness willing to go on the record. (Rose McGowan -- the only woman Farrow interviewed who was willing to be identified -- had refused to name Weinstein and then her lawyer sent a cease-and-desist letter.) So we had nothing yet fit to broadcast. But Farrow did not agree with that standard. That's where we parted ways -- agreeing to his request to take his reporting to a print outlet that he said was ready to move forward immediately. Seven weeks later, and five days after Jodi Kantor and Megan Twohey broke the Weinstein story in The New York Times, Farrow published the first in a series of outstanding stories for The New Yorker, winning great acclaim and attention, all of which is well deserved. That story cited the following victims by name: Asia Argento, Mira Sorvino, Rosanna Arquette, Lucia Evans, Emma de Caunes, Jessica Barth, and Sophie Dix. Not one of these seven women was included in the reporting Farrow presented while at NBC News. We regret the deterioration of NBC's relationship with Ronan, and genuinely wish we had found a path to move forward together. That is why, in August of 2017, when Farrow objected to his editors' conclusion we convened an independent group of the most experienced investigative journalists in our organization to review his material with fresh eyes. We asked them -- tell us what, if anything, we can broadcast. But their conclusion was unequivocal -- this story is not ready for air. (Further, they found several elements in Farrow's draft script which did not hold up to scrutiny -- described in the accompanying document.) It was Farrow's decision, in the midst of this process, to pursue the story elsewhere. Had we refused his request, NBC might have ultimately broken the story, but we wondered then, and still wonder now, whether the brave women who spoke to him in print would have also sat before TV cameras and lights. If we had tried to hold him and nothing changed, we would have needlessly blocked him from disseminating it via another forum. And that is why we agreed to let him go elsewhere. If some believe that decision a failure of our competitive instincts, so be it. But it was a decision undertaken honorably and with good intentions toward Farrow and his work. Contrary to recent allegations, at no point did NBC obstruct Farrow's reporting or "kill" an interview. Immediately after Farrow had parted ways with us, he asked for NBC cameras to record another anonymous Weinstein victim. Farrow conducted the interview but we declined the request for a crew because we believed filming another anonymous interview would not get us any closer to clearing the threshold to broadcast, and because he had already informed us he was pursuing the story for another outlet. (The victim Farrow anonymously interviewed did not ultimately speak on the record for The New Yorker or The New York Times.) Furthermore, we were increasingly concerned that repeatedly asking victims to sit for anonymous interviews in front of television cameras on this subject matter was no longer a productive approach. (For the record, the first television interview with a Weinstein victim aired on NBC News on October 9.) Finally, a word on the baseless speculation that some interference by Harvey Weinstein played a role in our decision-making. The accompanying document recounts every interaction NBC News executives and editors had with Weinstein and his attorneys. It will surprise no one that they were dishonest in their dealings with us, often mischaracterizing our brief conversations. But in each instance, their calls were either completely ignored or met with a boilerplate commitment to allow them to comment if and when something was ready for broadcast. None of this was kept secret from Farrow. None of it was any different from the calls we receive on every other difficult story our investigative unit regularly breaks. And none of it played any role in our decision-making. Our Investigative Unit, led by Rich Greenberg, is filled with the best journalists in the business doing a remarkable job. They consistently shepherd difficult stories onto the air and drive the daily news cycle. Over the past year-and-a-half they have delivered an astounding 420 exclusive stories on politics, national security, business and technology and more. As we get back to work this week, we will continue to pursue the toughest stories, in the most challenging circumstances, involving the most powerful people. And we will keep doing it while upholding the journalistic standards that have been the backbone of this outstanding news organization. Thank you for your great work this summer. Andy ||||| Focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow (as opposed to broad or wide) web crawls, often focused on a single domain or subdomain. ||||| Last week, in an interview with The New York Times, Rich McHugh, a former producer at NBC News who worked closely with Mr. Farrow, accused the network’s news division of impeding the reporting of the Weinstein story. He called NBC’s handling of the matter “a massive breach of journalistic ethics” and said unnamed higher-ups had ordered the cancellation of an interview with a Weinstein accuser in August of last year, effectively killing the investigation. Mr. Lack’s email was partly an attempt to defend the network against Mr. McHugh’s statements. In his message to NBC News employees, the chairman publicly defended the network’s handling of the Weinstein story for the first time. “Contrary to recent allegations, at no point did NBC obstruct Farrow’s reporting or ‘kill’ an interview,” Mr. Lack wrote in the email. The news executive went on to make the argument that Mr. Farrow’s reporting was not broadcast-ready last August, when he stopped working the Weinstein story for NBC. The main problem, he said, was the lack of on-the-record voices in the version of the story Mr. Farrow had prepared. “We spent eight months pursuing the story but at the end of that time, NBC News — like many others before us — still did not have a single victim or witness willing to go on the record,” Mr. Lack wrote. |||||(CNN) -- In The World According to Dennis Rodman, North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, whom he just saw on his second trip to the country, is quite likable. "He has to do his job, but he's a very good guy," Rodman said Monday at a news conference, announcing plans for a "basketball diplomacy" event that will involve players from North Korea. Meanwhile, Kim presides over one of the most repressive regimes on Earth. As Human Rights Watch puts it, Kim's succession as supreme leader after the death of his father, Kim Jong Il, in December 2011, "had little impact on the country's dire human rights record." People are subjected to torture and thrown into prison camps based on political charges. Those who have managed to escape describe horror that includes beatings, starvation and executions. As CNN has reported, Kim Jong Un appears to have changed nothing in the camps. U.S. citizen Kenneth Bae knows first-hand. He's currently in one, charged with "serious crimes" and sentenced to 15 years of hard labor for allegedly trying to bring down the government through religious activities. Bae's family says he owned a tour company and was in North Korea for work. The accusations against him were spelled out on state-run media, which is the only kind of media that "very good guy" Kim Jong Un and his country allow. Bae from North Korean prison: Please help me . Par for the course in North Korea, where people have no freedom. In 2012, "Defectors continued to report extrajudicial killings, disappearances, arbitrary detention, arrests of political prisoners, and torture," the U.S. State Department Human Rights Report says. "The judiciary was not independent and did not provide fair trials. There continued to be reports of severe punishment of some repatriated refugees and their family members. There were reports of trafficked women among refugees and workers crossing the border into China. "The government made no known attempts to prosecute officials who committed human rights abuses." Meanwhile, much of the country starves. More than 25% of North Korean children under the age of 5 suffered from chronic malnutrition in 2012, according to the National Nutrition Survey of North Korea, a report backed by UNICEF, the World Food Program and the World Health Organization. The report also found nearly one in three women suffered from anemia. The North Korea we rarely see . Rodman: Come with me . In The World According to Dennis Rodman, journalists would realize that his rosy description of Kim is really the right one, if only they'd go over there and see for themselves. "You write what you hear, but you don't see what you write," Rodman complained, saying he wants to bring a journalist on one of his trips to visit his friend. Yes, that's the problem, Mr. Rodman. North Korea is aching for journalists to roam freely around the country and report to the world what things are really like. "My military minder tells me to turn my camera off, and it soon becomes clear why," CNN's Paula Hancocks wrote last month on a trip to the "hermit kingdom." "The poverty I see through the bus window is not the view of North Korea the regime wants to be seen. ... Buildings are in disrepair; some barely look inhabitable. Residents of this small town walk or sit by the side of the road, many seeming to have little to do. A number of official-looking men dressed in brown Mao suits stand silently on street corners. ... Despite the driver traveling as quickly as possible through these inhabited areas, you could still sense the local community being monitored." "It was a tightly restricted, carefully stage-managed tour rich with propaganda and political theater and little else," CNN's Ivan Watson wrote in July of his five-day trip to Pyongyang. "It offered virtually no insight into what life is like for ordinary citizens who live in this rigid dictatorship." "We were not allowed to leave the confines of the Yanggakdo International Hotel unless we were riding a government bus. During my five days in North Korea, the authorities did not even allow me to see what the country's currency looks like." "Our three-man crew was assigned two very polite minders who accompanied us everywhere outside of the hotel and made no secret about the fact that they had veto rights if we were to take pictures of something that they didn't approve of," he added on CNN's GPS blog. "So they would basically tell us what we could and could not take pictures of." Rodman: Kim just wants to talk . In The World According to Dennis Rodman, Kim Jong Un just wants to talk. "It's about trying to open Obama's and everyone's minds," he said Monday, aiming some of his remarks at the U.S. president. "You don't have to talk about politics. ... Meet him or even give him a call. That's all he wants." Meanwhile, Kim might be even more bellicose than his father was. On CNN's GPS blog, three analysts say an analysis of language used in the state-controlled Korean Central News Agency "shows the use of terms such as 'war' and 'nuclear' far more prevalent than terms such as 'peace' and 'reconciliation.' " A U.S. defense official said North Korea has been using "warmongering rhetoric." Rodman: I held Kim's daughter . In The World According to Dennis Rodman, Kim opening "his heart and mind" and allowing Rodman to hold his daughter "for the first time in history" is something to celebrate. Never mind that the existence of said child has been shrouded in secrecy. North Korea's regime is so restrictive that even state media haven't mentioned the possibility that their leader might have had a daughter. And speaking of children, Rodman shared an interesting detail Monday involving the "basketball diplomacy" event he's putting together with Paddy Power, an online betting company. "The marshall" -- the term Kim goes by -- "gave me anything I wanted," he said. Kim told him, "We've got 150,000 kids will do anything for you on the field. We've got 95,000 people will be in the stadium watching this game." A dictator telling a foreign basketball player he can instruct 150,000 kids, who will comply: In The World According to Dennis Rodman, that's a good thing. Still, reason for hope . Any effort to, as Rodman says, "bridge a gap" with North Korea can be construed as a good thing. "I said to him, 'Your grandfather and your father did some bad things ... but you are trying to change,' " Rodman said at Monday's news conference. Kim has an "image" to keep up, he added. Maybe, one day, Kim Jong Un will knock down the walls behind which his country tries to hide its reality -- including the desperation, pain and horror described by defectors and refugees. Struggling for survival, family tries to feed child mice . But for now, Kim's propaganda machine is ratcheting up, as CNN has reported. Rodman says Kim asked him to do one thing: "Tell the American people we're very cool." Mission accomplished, Mr. Rodman.Killeen, Texas (CNN) -- The U.S. Army private who authorities say admitted to planning to bomb a restaurant popular with soldiers from Fort Hood is to be held without bond, a federal magistrate ordered Friday. Pfc. Naser Jason Abdo was formally charged with possession of an unregistered destructive device. Additional charges are likely, said Daryl Fields, a spokesman for the U.S. attorney's office in San Antonio, Texas. Abdo, who refused to stand when Judge Jeffrey C. Manske entered the courtroom, shouted an apparent reference to the 2006 rape of an Iraqi girl by U.S. soldiers and the 2009 shooting spree at Fort Hood by Army Maj. Nidal Hasan before being hustled out of the courtroom by marshals. Abdo, a Muslim American soldier who had been granted conscientious objector status before going AWOL, was being held Friday in federal custody at an undisclosed location. According to the criminal complaint unsealed after his appearance Friday, Abdo admitted he planned to turn two pressure cookers found in his Killeen hotel room into gunpowder- and shrapnel-filled bombs to detonate inside an unnamed restaurant popular with soldiers from Fort Hood. Among other things, police and FBI investigators who searched the room found six bottles of gunpowder, shotgun shells and pellets and ammunition cartridges. Police who arrested him found wire, a handgun, ammunition and an article titled, "Make a bomb in the kitchen of your Mom" in the backpack he was carrying, according to the complaint. The backpack also contained a notebook with a hand-written list for many of the components police recovered. The public defender appointed to represent Abdo, attorney Keith Dorsett of Waco, did not immediately respond to e-mails and telephone messages seeking comment. Killeen police arrested Abdo, 21, on Wednesday after a gun store employee tipped them that Abdo's behavior had raised red flags when he purchased six pounds of smokeless gunpowder and other supplies. The tip came from Greg Ebert, a retired police officer who works at the Guns Galore gun store. He said the young man appeared suspicious as soon as he pulled up in a taxi cab. "How many people go shopping at gun stores in a taxi cab?" Ebert asked. He described Abdo as being guarded and asking odd questions. Abdo browsed for about 20 minutes, Ebert said, choosing six pounds of gunpowder, shotgun ammunition and a magazine for a semiautomatic handgun. He asked Ebert what smokeless gunpowder was before finishing the purchase. "Well, hello! Why are you buying this if you don't know what it's for?" Ebert said later. "That is a red flag for me. He should know. Why is he buying that much?" Ebert said he called police after discussing the transaction at length with the owner of the store, which is the same place where Hasan bought supplies for his shooting spree. Abdo joined the infantry in 2009 and was assigned to Company E of the 101st Airborne Division's 1st Brigade Combat Team when he refused to deploy to Afghanistan on religious grounds. The Army approved his request to be discharged as a conscientious objector. But on May 13, he was charged with possession of child pornography on his computer, according to the statement. After a June 15 hearing, at which Abdo was recommended for court-martial, he went AWOL. In media interviews last year, Abdo talked about seeking conscientious objector status, saying he felt compelled to remain true to his faith. "We have two things that I believe make us American, and that's freedom of religion and freedom of choice," he said. When he signed up for the military, Abdo said, he had not thought that his religious beliefs would be an issue. "I was under the impression that I could serve both the U.S. Army and my God simultaneously," he said. But as his deployment neared, he began to rethink things and eventually worked up the courage to approach his unit and tell them how he felt, he said. "Islam is a much more peaceful and tolerant religion than it is an aggressive religion," he said. "I don't believe that Islam allows me to operate in any kind of warfare at all, including the U.S. military and any war it partakes in. I believe that our first duty as a Muslim is to serve God." In court Friday, Abdo mentioned "Iraq 2006," an apparent reference to an incident in which U.S. Army soldiers were accused of killing three members of an Iraqi family, including a 6-year-old girl, and raping the family's 14-year-old girl before also killing her and setting the bodies on fire in an attempt to cover up the killings. Four soldiers were convicted and imprisoned for their roles in the shootings, rape and subsequent cover-up. After Abdo's arrest, Texas Gov. Rick Perry issued a statement calling it "a sobering reminder of the importance of remaining vigilant in the ongoing efforts to protect our communities from those that would do us harm." Rep. John Carter, R-Texas, the House Army Caucus chairman, praised the gun-shop employee who tipped police to Abdo, as well as the police themselves, for interrupting what could have been a deadly plot. "Thanks to quick action by a Texas gun dealer in alerting local police to a suspicious character, and a prompt and vigorous response by the Killeen Police Department, we may well have averted a repeat of the tragic 2009 radical Islamic terror attack on our nation's largest military installation," he said. "We now have an example of what works to prevent these type attacks, and as the coming days reveal more details about this attempt, we can determine better ways to thwart similar efforts in the future," Carter said. In addition to being the site of the Fort Hood shootings, Killeen is also where, in 1991, George Hennard crashed his pickup into a Luby's cafeteria, fatally shot 23 people and wounded another 20 before killing himself. "We've been through a lot in this community," Killeen Police Chief Dennis Baldwin said. "But I can tell you that's when the character of the community is more obvious." CNN's Tracy Sabo, Barbara Starr, Marylynn Ryan and Carol Cratty contributed to this report.27 February 2013 Last updated at 17:20 GMT The UN says Europe has the world's worst record of throwing away fish. Almost a quarter of all catches go back overboard dead because they are not the fish the crews wanted to catch. Readthe full Newsround storyHP acquired the WebOS operating system when it bought veteran gadget maker Palm in 2011 for $1.2bn (Â£789m). Financial details of the deal have not been disclosed but HP is not thought to have recouped much of the money it paid for Palm. LG said the WebOS code would be used to power its next-generation smart TV technology. The WebOS was created to run smartphones, tablets and other devices developed by Palm that, in its early days, pioneered the handheld gadget industry. However, Palm's influence has diminished as Apple, Google's Android and RIM's Blackberry have come to dominate the smartphone and tablet markets. In the deal, LG gets WebOS source code, engineers working on it, documentation and the websites that promote it. HP is holding on to patents underlying WebOS as well as technology that helps it connect to web-based services. HP did launch products running WebOS, such as the TouchPad tablet, but poor sales led it to seek other ways to boost interest in the software. One way it chose was to open up the code to any developer to work on. LG was one of the first firms to take up this chance and the acquisition grew out of this relationship. Using WebOS in TV sets made "sense" for LG, said Ovum analyst Tony Cripps, adding that it could herald a return to the software's smartphone roots. WebOS's use of core web technology left it well placed for the next generation of mobile apps that were likely to be based around the same code, he said. The acquisition was probably driven by LG's recognition that it needed to make gadgets of all types easier to use, added Mr Cripps. "Device manufacturers are recognising the need to differentiate through software-based innovation in user experience," he said. The deal with LG was announced as HP took the wraps off its first Android-powered tablet, called the HP Slate 7, at the 2013 Mobile World Congress currently under way in Barcelona.Philadelphia (CNN) -- At first, a Philadelphia landlord said, he thought one of his tenants was attempting to conceal a dog after finding a dog dish in the basement of his apartment building. But on a return trip to the basement Saturday, Turgut Gozleveli found something much more sinister: four mentally disabled people held captive, including one man chained to a radiator. "It was terrible," he said Sunday, adding the people were surrounded by human waste. "I don't know how long they were there." Three people have been arrested and accused of holding the people captive and stealing their Social Security checks. Linda Ann Weston, 51; Thomas Gregory, 47; and Eddie Wright, 49, face charges including criminal conspiracy, aggravated assault, kidnapping, criminal trespass, unlawful restraint, and false imprisonment, Philadelphia police said in a statement Sunday. The alleged victims include a 29-year-old woman and three men, ages 31, 35 and 41, said Philadelphia police Lt. Ray Evers. All seven -- the three suspects and four alleged victims -- had been traveling together, he said, but did not know for how long. Weston is believed to have been in McLean, Texas, with some or all of the alleged victims. They then traveled to Florida and Philadelphia, Evers said. Gozleveli, who also serves as the building's janitor, said he was contacted Thursday by the block captain of a neighborhood group regarding suspicious activity. He checked out the basement that day and found a few things out of place, but no people. On Friday, he found the dog dish. On Saturday, after hearing a dog barking, he went to the building's sub-basement and found a door chained shut. He found the people after removing the chains. "Other than the barking dog there was no sound," he said. "... I said, 'What the hell are you doing here?' No answer, and I called 911." "This was a total surprise," Gozleveli said. "I never expected to find people. I just expected to find a dog." The people, he said, "acted like children." The four were in a room roughly 10 feet by 15 feet, Gozleveli said, and looked malnourished and disheveled. They had a metal bucket and a jug of what appeared to be orange juice, but no food. They also had pillows and blankets, but didn't know where they were or where they had come from, he said. Authorities believe the four were trapped in the tiny room for up to a week. Evers said they suffered from bed sores and "injuries that are very, very hard to describe." The alleged victims appeared to be malnourished and were taken to a hospital. They were listed in stable condition Sunday, police said. The FBI is also investigating. The northeast Philadelphia building is a former movie theater converted to a seven-unit apartment building. Police cars were still outside the building Sunday afternoon. The four people found in the basement were brought out on stretchers, said Danyell Tisdale, the block captain who notified Gozleveli. She said she was concerned about some of the things she'd seen recently, including people being brought in from the back of an SUV with out-of-state plates. "I hope I did enough," she said. "I called." CNN's Ross Levitt contributed to this report.David Moyes insists that no-one is good enough to displace Wayne Rooney up front for both Manchester United and England. Moyes, who put Rooney at the heart of his Manchester United side before being sacked in April after less than a year in charge, reckons that the best could be yet to come from the forward - so long as he concentrates on scoring goals rather than all-action forays across the pitch. The Scot did, however, urge Rooney's team-mates to help ease the pressure on their captain by creating more chances for him. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Rooney: Good performance four years ago counts for nothing . Plenty to say: Wayne Rooney in training with England at St-Jokob Park in Basle on Sunday . Centre of attention: Rooney will lead England against Switzerland in their first Euro 2016 qualifier on Monday . Rooney has taken over the armband for both club and country this season but both teams have been lacklustre and the 28-year-old is showing far from his best form, despite scoring the winning goal in last week's friendly win over Norway. Radamel Falcao's blockbuster loan signing at United has raised questions over Rooney's role in his club team, while Raheem Sterling's emergence has led to calls for the Liverpool starlet to fill the No 10 role in Roy Hodgson's side currently occupied by Rooney. 'Some people might wonder if we have seen the best of him. I don't,' Moyes told The Sun. 'I still believe he is one of the best in the Premier League. Bright future: Raheem Sterling (second left) is viewed by many as England's No 10 in waiting . Pressure: Colombia striker Radamel Falcao could be competing for a place with Rooney at Old Trafford . 'What he needs to make sure is that he's not trying to do everyone else's job too. Sometimes he feels like he has to do everything. 'Other players have to help Wayne, find him in the right positions, supply him so he can score goals.' Rooney will lead England against Switzerland in Basle on Monday night in the Three Lions' first Euro 2016 qualifier. Despite 19-year-old Sterling's brilliant displays for both Liverpool and England, Moyes made it clear that he thought Rooney remained a better player than anyone younger than him and deserved his lead role in Roy Hodgson's side. Moyes also added that in future he could see Rooney dropping deeper into a midfield role but not while he still had plenty to offer as a striker.A new project seeks to kickstart a revival for the world’s largest rainforest by planting new trees — tens of millions of them. The project, announced Friday at the “Rock in Rio” music fest in Brazil, aims to restore 73 million trees in the Brazilian Amazon by 2023. Spanning 30,000 hectares of land (about 74,000 acres), the project is the largest tropical forest restoration in the world and helps Brazil move towards its Paris Agreement target of reforesting 12 million hectares of land by 2030. “This is a breathtakingly audacious project,” said M. Sanjayan, CEO of Conservation International (CI), one of the partners behind the effort. “The fate of the Amazon depends on getting this right — as do the region’s 25 million residents, its countless species and the climate of our planet.” The Amazon forest is home to the richest biodiversity of any ecosystem on the planet — a recent report described some 400 new species discovered in the Amazon between 2014 and 2015 alone — yet is rapidly vanishing with increasing global demand for resources. The economy, essentially focused on the exploitation of natural resources, minerals and agribusiness, has already led to about 20 percent of original forest cover to be replaced by pastures and agricultural crops, without securing the well-being of the local population. The reforestation project fills an urgent need to develop the region’s economy without destroying its forests and ensuring the well-being of its people. PROTECT AN ACRE Donate to CI to help us achieve zero net deforestation in Amazonia by 2020. DONATE “A new chapter is being written for the Brazilian Amazon with this initiative,” said Rodrigo Medeiros, vice president of CI’s Brazil office. “Protecting the Amazon is not something we should think in the future — we have to do it now.” The project is a partnership between Conservation International, the Brazilian Ministry of Environment, the Global Environment Facility (GEF), the World Bank, the Brazilian Biodiversity Fund (Funbio) and Rock in Rio’s environmental arm “Amazonia Live.” The reforestation effort is part of a broader regional initiative, the Amazonia Sustainable Landscapes Project. This project aims to increase the area of forest ecosystems, promote the connectivity of protected areas within the Amazon, and further develop local productive activities and value chains derived from the sustainable use of Amazonian biodiversity, including production of native species of seeds and seedlings. Priority areas for the restoration effort include southern Amazonas, Rondônia, Acre, Pará and the Xingu watershed. Restoration activities will include the enrichment of existing secondary forest areas, sowing of selected native species, and, when necessary, direct planting of native species, Medeiros said. Bruno Vander Velde is CI’s editorial director. Want to read more stories like this? Sign up for email updates here. Donate to Conservation International here. Further reading ||||| There are more habitable planets in our galaxy than humans living on planet Earth. But the nearest one is about 70 trillion miles away , which means that, for now, and for the foreseeable future, Earth is the only life-supporting rock hurtling through infinite space we’ll ever know. It’s really not the best idea to let it burn up–and key to keeping it cool are the massive rainforests of the Amazon. Sadly, we’ve had a hard time not cutting them down. A new project should help prevent–or at least slow down–that hot future. If all goes to plan over the next six years, a project led by Conservation International will become the largest tropical reforestation project in history. Seventy-three million trees will sprout up across what’s known as the “arc of deforestation,” in the Brazilian states of Amazonas, Acre, Pará, Rondônia, and throughout the Xingu watershed. The short-term plan is to restore 70,000 acres (the area of 30,000 soccer fields) that have been cleared for pastureland to their former forested glory. “If the world is to hit the 1.2°C or 2°C [degrees of warming] target that we all agreed to in Paris, then protecting tropical forests in particular has to be a big part of that,” M. Sanjayan, CEO of Conservation International, tells Fast Company. “It’s not just the trees that matter, but what kind of trees. If you’re really thinking about getting carbon dioxide out of atmosphere, then tropical forests are the ones that end up mattering the most.” He’s right: Simply stopping deforestation could allow existing forests to absorb up to 37% of our annual carbon emissions; replenishing degraded areas could do significantly more for the planet. “This is not a stunt,” Sanjayan says. “It is a carefully controlled experiment to literally figure out how to do tropical restoration at scale, so that people can replicate it and we can drive the costs down dramatically.” Over the past 40 years, about 20% of the Amazon has been cut down or destroyed, and scientists worry that another 20% of the rainforest will be lost in the next couple of decades. So, instead of following precedent and planting saplings, which are labor and resource intensive to manage (and, depending on the selected species, may not be best-suited for the territory, resulting in less than ideal survival rates), the organizing coalition is trying something different. Developed in Brazil only a few years ago, the new planting technique is called muvuca. “In Portuguese, it means a lot of people in a very small place,” says Rodrigo Medeiros, Conservation International’s vice president of the Brazil program and the lead on the ground. ||||| Assuming everything goes to plan, over the next six years, the Amazon rainforest will get 73 million new trees. The mass planting is part of a project sponsored by Conservation International, the Brazilian Ministry of Environment, and a number of other NGOs and corporations. As John Converse Townsend at Fast Company reports, it is the largest tropical reforestation effort ever attempted. According to a press release from Conservation International, the effort will span deforested pasture lands over a 74,000-acre region spanning several Brazilian states—with the greatest focus in Southern Amazonas, Rondônia, Acre, Pará and the Xingu watershed. The purpose of the project is, in part, to revive the 20 percent of the Amazon that has been lost to deforestation due to agriculture and pasturing during the last 40 years. But the effort is also geared toward learning how to restore tropical forests. “This is a breathtakingly audacious project,” says M. Sanjayan, CEO of Conservation International, according to the release. “The fate of the Amazon depends on getting this right—as do the region’s 25 million residents, its countless species and the climate of our planet.” As Townsend reports, reforestation efforts are typically very costly and time consuming—requiring people to both grow and plant thousands of saplings, many of which will not survive. In this latest effort, the restorationists are trying a new method called muvuca, in which they will spread the seeds of native trees across the slash and burned land and animal pastures. The seeds come from the Xingu Seed Network, which uses a coalition of 400 collectors to gather the seeds from native trees. “With plant-by-plant reforestation techniques, you get a typical density of about 160 plants per hectare,” Rodrigo Medeiros, vice president of Conservation International’s Brazil program, tells Townsend. “With muvuca, the initial outcome is 2,500 [trees] per hectare. And after 10 years, you can reach 5,000 trees per hectare. It’s much more diverse, much more dense, and less expensive than traditional techniques.” The muvuca experiment is the beginning of a massive effort announced by Brazil to restore 12 million hectares of forest, an area the size of Pennsylvania, as part of an effort to reach their climate change goals under the Paris Accord. Recent studies show that second growth forests—those less than 60 years old that grow after logging or land clearance—can sequester huge amounts of carbon. As Townsend reports, just stopping current deforestation could help mitigate 37 percent of current carbon emissions. Planting or restoring forests could make that number even bigger. While the effort is impressive, it’s not the largest reforestation effort in the world. In July, 2016, 800,000 people in Uttar Pradesh, India, planted 50 million trees in just 24 hours, a publicity stunt to highlight India’s Paris Accord commitment to reforest 12 percent of its land by 2030. The world’s largest program, however, is China’s Grain-for-Green effort, a plan to restore 69.2 million acres of forest land, which is an area the size of New York and Pennsylvania combined. All of these efforts are encouraging, but replanting is only half of the solution. Twenty-five million acres of forests are cleared each year, writes Doug Boucher, Director of Climate Research and Analysis at the Union of Concerned Scientists. He points out that while the long-term benefits of reforestation are helpful for the climate, the decades it takes for forests to regrow means it will take a while to see benefits. This means other more immediate solutions, such as reducing industrial emissions and halting the removal of forests, are still necessary to make a dent in our changing climate. |||||Seoul, South Korea (CNN)A man opposed to joint South Korean-U.S. military drills attacked the American ambassador in Seoul, slashing his face and arm as he was about to give a speech Thursday morning, authorities said. North Korea quickly called the stabbing a "knife attack of justice" and said it reflected "anti-U.S. sentiment" in South Korea. Authorities have obtained an arrest warrant for the knifing suspect, Kim Ki-Jong, an official at Seoul Central District Court said Friday. He was detained immediately after the attack, with authorities having time to formally arrest him or let him go. Kim, 55, who has a history of unpredictable behavior, could eventually be charged with attempted murder and other charges. A police official, Yoon Myeong-seong, also told reporters that Kim had previously visited North Korea seven times between 1999 and 2007, and that authorities were "intensively investigating" a possible connection between his visits to the reclusive state and this attack. The U.S. ambassador to South Korea, Mark Lippert, was in stable condition after undergoing more than two hours of surgery, in which he got 80 stitches to his face. He will probably remain hospitalized for three to four days, said Dr. Jung Nam-shik at Yonsei Severance Hospital. In 2010, Kim received a suspended two-year prison sentence for throwing a piece of concrete at a Japanese ambassador to South Korea, according to the Yonhap news agency. The motive for his attack Thursday? He wanted an end to the South Korean-U.S. military drills to improve North-South relations, police said. The drills are held annually despite predictably harsh criticism from North Korea. The North Korean government believes the attack is "just punishment for U.S. warmongers," according to its official news agency, KCNA. South Korean President Park Geun-hye, on the other hand, condemned it. "This incident is not only a physical attack on the U.S. ambassador," she said, "but an attack on the South Korea-U.S. alliance and it can never be tolerated." U.S. diplomats have been attacked, killed in past . Lippert was attacked while attending an event organized by the Korean Council for Reconciliation and Cooperation, which advocates peaceful reunification between the two Koreas. The U.S. Embassy did not request special security for the event, Seoul police said. Three police officers were on duty at the building's entrance, and 25 others were on standby. Kim sat down at a different table than Lippert, then got up and ran to the ambassador's right side yelling something that sounded like anti-American sentiments. "When the man jumped on the ambassador, I stood up and jumped on the man, and they both fell on the ground," a witness, Jang Yoon Seok, told CNN affiliate YTN. "Luckily I got on top of the man's back and could press him to the floor. Then others came to hold him on the floor." Jang said he later saw the knife on the table. It had a wooden handle and did not look particularly sophisticated, he said. Seoul police said a knife, about 10 inches long, was used in the assault and the suspect brought it from home. Videos showed the suspect pinned on the floor, rolled into a blanket and carried out of the building. He was heard shouting, "The South Korea-U.S. military drills must stop." The drills began earlier this week. Explaining the joint South Korea-U.S. military exercises . After the attack, Lippert -- clutching his right cheek and holding a bloodied arm -- was photographed hurrying out of the Sejong Cultural Institute in central Seoul. The cut to his face runs from his right cheekbone to his lower jaw and is about 4 inches long and about an inch deep, Dr. Jung said. Fortunately, there was no damage to his facial nerve. Lippert also suffered five gashes in his left arm and hand, but he is not likely to have permanent damage to his arm function. "The ambassador was very calm. People around him were taken aback, but he was very calm," said Dr. John Linton. "He was speaking with his doctor on what to do. It was surprising." As the ambassador left and headed to the hospital, investigators arrived, hoping to figure out exactly what happened. While there are videos showing what happened at the event, none of them will be from closed-circuit surveillance cameras, said Yoon, the Seoul police chief. The only such camera outside the building did help authorities determine exactly when Lippert and Kim came in. Was the attack part of a larger plot? Did Kim have any help, implicit or explicit? Not if you ask him, according to the Seoul police chief. "Kim insists that this was done by himself," Yoon said. "But police are still investigating if he acted alone and what his motive was." Park, South Korea's President, told Lippert by phone that she was surprised and deeply troubled to hear about the attack -- an incident similar to one targeting her several years ago -- the Asian nation's Foreign Ministry said on its website. The South Korean leader vowed that authorities will "take necessary measures ... with utmost seriousness and urgency" to get to the bottom of the latest attack. She also promised to keep close ties with the United States "so that the incident would not have any negative implications on the (South Korean)-U.S. alliance," according to the ministry. For Park's American counterpart, President Barack Obama, the attack is personal as well as political. That's because Lippert is a longtime friend and confidant, having been part of Obama's inner circle for years. Obama called Lippert "to tell him that he and his wife Robyn are in his thoughts and prayers, and to wish him the very best for a speedy recovery," National Security Council spokeswoman Bernadette Meehan said. Lippert has been close to Obama ever since he arrived in the Senate in 2005. Lippert worked with Obama on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and traveled the world with the then-senator as he garnered the foreign policy experience that helped pave the way for his presidential campaign. When Obama declared he would run for president in the 2008 race, Lippert was by his side again, and was on the road with the candidate and ultimately served as the chief foreign policy adviser for the Obama campaign. Obama nominated Lippert to serve as ambassador to South Korea last year. Thursday afternoon, Lippert tweeted that he was recuperating. "Doing well & in great spirits! Robyn, Sejun, Grigsby & I - deeply moved by the support!" he tweeted, referring to his wife, his son and his dog. "Will be back ASAP to advance US-ROK alliance!" He then added in Korean, "Let's work together!" CNN's Judy Kwon, Paula Hancocks, Alexandra Jaffe, Stephen Collinson, Barbara Starr, Jim Acosta and journalist Hyoungjoo Choi contributed to this report.U's striker Joe Pigott cancelled out Andre Dozzell's opener in the 89th minute after Town lost the ball. "I'm not tolerating that, I've told them that's garbage," McCarthy said. "To concede that goal is really poor. I'm fuming after that, I don't often lose the plot but I have [in the dressing room]." McCarthy's side were on the wrong end of a number of late goals in the Championship last season, and McCarthy pointed to the examples at Brentford,Nottingham Forest and Bolton where they dropped points from winning positions late on in 2015-16. Ipswich finished five points outside the Championship play-off places last season in seventh. The former Republic of Ireland and Wolves boss continued to BBC Radio Suffolk: "That's a pre-season friendly and I say I'm not bothered about them and don't like them, but I don't like conceding goals at that time. "It's unforgiveable for me. If he whacks one in from 30 yards, fine. But no, we had the ball and gave it away."Tests on three pairs of glasses held at the British Library showed the author's sight deteriorated considerably. At the time, heavy metals like arsenic were used in medicines that Austen, who had rheumatism, may have taken. Library experts have suggested such poisoning may also have contributed to her early death at the age of 41. The novelist, who lived in Steventon, Hampshire, died on 18 July 1817 and the cause of her death has been the subject of much speculation. The three pairs of glasses, kept in the Pride and Prejudice author's writing desk, were examined using a portable lens meter brought to the library to determine the strength of the lenses which, despite their age, remain in good condition. Tests showed they increased in strength from +1.75 in each eye from the first pair to +4.75 and +5.0 in the final pair - meaning she would have found it very difficult to see well enough to read or write by the time she died. British Library curator Sandra Tuppen said: "There's the possibility of her being poisoned accidentally with a heavy metal such as arsenic. We know now that arsenic poisoning can cause cataracts. "Arsenic was often put into medication for other types of illness, potentially for rheumatism, which we know Jane Austen suffered from." It is not known whether the glasses, made of real tortoiseshell and glass, were prescribed for Austen or she bought them herself. The British Library is inviting optometrists to offer their opinions on the new theory.(CNN) -- The chief of staff to the director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement resigned Saturday amid allegations that she helped create a culture of sexual discrimination against men. Suzanne Barr, chief of staff for ICE Director John Morton, voluntarily stepped down last month and had been on paid leave. In a letter to Morton, obtained by CNN, Barr called the allegations "unfounded and without any merit" and said she was confident her reputation would be restored. "In recent weeks, I have been the focus of unfounded allegations designed to destroy my reputation, but of greater concern however, is the threat these allegations represent to the reputation of this agency and the men and women who proudly serve their country by advancing ICE's mission," she wrote. "As such, I feel it is incumbent upon me to take every step necessary to prevent further harm to the agency and to prevent this from further distracting from our critical work." ICE spokesman Brian Hale said Morton has received Barr's resignation. "We wish her the best of luck in her future endeavors," he said. The move comes on the heels of a job discrimination lawsuit filed by the head of the ICE office in New York against the Department of Homeland Security and DHS Secretary Janet Napolitano. In the suit, New York ICE chief James Hayes claims he was passed over for promotions in favor of less-qualified women, some of whom used to work for Napolitano when she was governor of Arizona. As part of his lawsuit, Hayes cites behavior by Barr in an attempt to prove an alleged culture of sexual discrimination against men, according to Hayes' lawyer, Morris Fischer of Maryland. Hayes said Barr "created a frat house-type atmosphere that is targeted to humiliate and intimidate male employees." When the lawsuit was filed, ICE spokesman Hale said the allegations were under review and that Barr had voluntarily placed herself on leave pending the outcome of the investigation. That review is ongoing, according to a federal official who spoke on the condition of anonymity. "We are obviously very pleased with the agency's first step in rectifying this situation by accepting Ms. Barr's resignation," said Fischer, Hayes' attorney. "Now is the time for the agency to move forward and make restitution to the individuals harmed." Rep. Peter King, chairman of the House Committee on Homeland Security, said Barr's resignation "raises the most serious questions about management practices and personnel policies at the Department of Homeland Security." The committee will continue a review of the case and the personnel practices of the DHS in general. In his lawsuit, Hayes blames Barr for "sexually offensive behavior." In one alleged incident, Hayes said Barr called a male employee at a hotel and screamed at him, using crude language to say she wanted to have sex with him. Hayes also said that Barr moved the office contents of three male employees into a men's bathroom at ICE headquarters in 2009. After his client's lawsuit was filed, Fischer said, he was contacted by other federal employees who had heard about Hayes' claim. They provided affidavits to Hayes and his lawyer alleging more sexually charged comments made by Barr, according to Fischer. "We've been getting calls and e-mails from all over the country from people who want to come forward with information that may be helpful on this case," the attorney told CNN. In an affidavit provided to CNN, another ICE employee describes a 2009 meeting in the office of ICE Director Morton, during which employees were discussing personal plans for Halloween. The male employee says he overheard Barr ask a "senior ICE employee" about the size of his genitals. "You're a sexy mother-(expletive)," she allegedly said. Over 17 years, Hayes rose through the ranks from Border Patrol agent to a top position at headquarters in charge of Detention and Removal Operations, overseeing a $2.5 billion budget, his lawsuit states. Hayes claims he was removed from that job because of gender discrimination. He is suing to recover $335,000 in moving costs and lost bonuses he says he incurred when he was transferred in 2009 to New York from Washington. His lawyer says other ICE employees have been reimbursed for similar expenses. Hayes' lawsuit also claims he faced retaliation after threatening to file an Equal Opportunity Claim against DHS and cites six internal investigations that were all unfounded. However, all but one of those investigations against him involving complaints by fellow employees were initially filed before Napolitano took office in 2008. In court documents, Hayes said the complaints were reviewed after he began complaining. DHS has filed a motion to dismiss the lawsuit and denied allegations of discrimination and retaliation. Its attorneys argued that the "unfounded allegations" made against Barr are "irrelevant" and an "attempt to embarrass or harass senior government officials." According to a federal official who defended ICE as an agency of "dedicated law enforcement professionals," Hayes' lawsuit is filled with "false and unsubstantiated" allegations against Barr and other DHS employees. The allegations "do not align with the fact that Mr. Hayes has routinely held high-ranking assignments, including his current position as head of ICE's second-largest field office in New York, the official added. CNN's Ross Levitt and Carol Cratty contributed to this report.Phnom Penh (CNN) -- More than 20 striking garment workers were injured this week, including two pregnant women, during clashes with police outside a factory in Kampong Speu Province, Cambodia, a labor leader said. Roughly 4,000 workers have walked off the job at a factory owned by Sabrina (Cambodia) Garment Manufacturing, which supplies Nike and Lululemon Athletica. They are demanding a $14 monthly increase, from the $74 they make now, said Say Sokmy, secretary-general of the Free Trade Union of Workers of the Kingdom of Cambodia. Police used stun batons to disperse strikers on Monday, she said, injured more than twenty. Both Nike and Lululemon released statements, expressing concern about the incident. "As outlined in Nike's Code of Conduct, Nike requires its contract manufacturers to respect their employees' rights to freedom of association," the U.S.-based company said in a statement. It continued: "Workers are employed by the contract factories, not by Nike, and wages and compensation are the responsibility of the factories. It is our understanding that this factory raised its own minimum wage on May 1 and pays above the country's minimum wage." Vancouver-based Lululemon Athletica said its sustainability teams are monitoring events and are in daily contact with the factory to ensure workers' safety. "We require all of our vendors to uphold and respect the workers' rights around the freedom of association and collective bargaining as stated in our lululemon Code of Ethics," said Therese Hayes, vice president of sustainability. "The current situation deeply concerns us and we will continue to be in close contact with our factory partner, and take any immediate actions if necessary." Both companies stressed that the factory is part of Better Factories Cambodia (BFC), a program established by the International Labor Organization to monitor workplaces and offer advice. According to BFC, the garment industry employs some 400,000 workers and accounts for $4 billion, or roughly 80%, of Cambodia's total export revenue. Most of what's made is exported to the European Union and the United States. READ MORE: Inside a Bangladesh garment factory that plays by the rules . OPINION: Stop cashing in on Bangladeshi workers . Journalist Gregory Pellechi reported from Phnom Penh; CNN's Elizabeth Joseph reported from Hong Kong.By . Sophie Borland . PUBLISHED: . 18:18 EST, 5 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 07:16 EST, 6 January 2014 . Doctors are concerned that data harvested from patients by the Government will fall into the hands of hackers or be sold to insurers and drugs firms for use in targeting patients . Doctors are rebelling against plans to harvest personal information from the medical files of millions of patients. From spring, officials will begin building a giant database they say will help them identify poor performance such as long waiting times and late diagnosis of diseases such as cancer. They believe the information might even lead to new treatments. But there is widespread concern among MPs, academics and doctors that the data will fall into the hands of hackers or be sold to insurers and drugs firms for use in targeting patients. NHS England, which is overseeing the scheme, says privacy will be ensured because only dates of birth, postcodes and NHS numbers will be stored. But each year more than a million medical files go missing from the Health Service – many of them lost on public transport or dumped in bins. Unless patients tell their GP in person or over the phone that they do not want to be involved in the scheme, their data will be harvested automatically. Critics say the NHS is making it deliberately difficult for patients to opt out – given how hard it is to make an appointment with a doctor or even speak to them on the phone. At least two GPs are so opposed to the scheme they have removed the thousands of patients on their books from it unless they have specifically asked to be included. One of the doctors, who is based in Oxford and is remaining anonymous for fear of reprisals, said he believed the scheme breached data protection laws. Starting today, the NHS will begin dropping leaflets through the doors of all households explaining the scheme. It is not clear whether patients will have to see their GP in person or call the surgery - it will vary between practices. There is also concern most of the public will never read them because they will be lost among junk mail. David Davis, a Tory MP and former shadow home secretary, said: 'It's an enormous threat to privacy. To make patients go in and make an appointment with their GP is frankly disgraceful. 'The database does have huge value for the NHS but it will go wrong. Some people's information will be lost. If hackers can take on Microsoft, how long until they get to the Department of Health?' Sarah Wollaston, a Tory MP and GP who sits on the Commons Health Select Committee, said: There's no doubt that sharing records is good for patient care. But ultimately patients own their medical records and they should decide who they share them with. Tory MP and former shadow home secretary David Davis said: 'It's an enormous threat to privacy.' 'There are some people who might want to access it, not for the best reasons, for example insurance companies.' There is concern that officials will use the data to make cuts to NHS services where they aren't deemed to be needed – such as diabetes clinics in areas where the disease is less common. Campaigners say drug firms could even use the data to raise premiums for at-risk groups. Ross Anderson, who specialises in information security at Cambridge University, accused Health Service officials of deliberate deception. He said: 'The NHS takes the view that it's our information, we'll do with it what we want. There is no effort to maintain patients' privacy.' The professor said it would be very easy for researchers, drugs firms or insurers to identify patients just by knowing their postcode and date of birth alone. Ultimately, he said it could lead to highly personal information about patients' illnesses or conditions appearing on the internet or in research papers. Phil Booth, of the campaign group Med Confidential, said the scheme was cynical and irresponsible. But Dr Geraint Lewis, who is chief data officer at NHS England, said: 'The NHS has been collecting information like this from hospitals for decades but until now we've been missing information about the quality of care provided outside hospital. 'This is about upgrading our information systems to get a more complete picture of the quality of care being delivered across all parts of the NHS and social care.' Dr Martin Scurr warned the database will 'be a honeypot for hackers' Ever since the launch of the NHS in 1948, patients have been able to rely on a principle of confidentiality – they have always been assured that their medical notes are private. But now, for the first time, we GPs are being told to pass those notes to a third party. The records will be mined for data by the Health and Social Care Information Centre, but in future that could be passed on to researchers and even drugs firms with commercial profits in mind. We are told that all personal data will be in an ‘anonymous' form. But it will include your postcode and your NHS number. Hardly very anonymous, then. You can't tell me that this is not a breach of confidentiality. If the situation was different and a GP handed over this kind of information to a third party, and the patient found out and complained, the consequences would be severe. That complaint would be taken to the General Medical Council, and the first thing it would do would be to suspend the GP pending an investigation for a breach of professional ethics. Yet apparently it's quite all right for a government body to do this. This is really important and the public need to know about it. From today NHS England – which runs the health service – begins posting leaflets through doors explaining how and why this data is being used. Leaflets are all well and good, but what will people do with those leaflets? Some will simply bin them, mistaking them for junk mail. Doubtless there will be patients who wouldn't want their data released but simply won't know that it is happening. If you tell your GP that you want to opt out, your details will not be released. But why should the Government decide to release this private information unless you actively take steps to stop it? Surely it should be the other way round – that people should opt in. To say that this is the thin end of the wedge is an understatement. Who's to say that confidential information you give to your GP might not be used against you in terms of health insurance? As David Davis MP rightly says, it will also be a honeypot for hackers. There may be benefits that come from researchers being able to look at this data, but we have no reason to trust the Government on this. After all, it has a particularly poor reputation when it comes to dealing with IT systems, and it is perfectly possible this data could be abused – at cataclysmic cost to the patient.The BBC was last night accused of suppressing an interview that called for corporation boss Rona Fairhead to resign over her £10,000-a-day second job at scandal-hit HSBC bank. It’s a new blow to Mrs Fairhead, chairman of the BBC Trust and a non-executive director of HSBC, who is facing growing calls to quit one of her high-profile jobs over claims of a conflict of interest. She is due to be questioned by MPs tomorrow after The Mail on Sunday revealed that she was paid £513,000 for just 50 days work at the troubled bank last year, vastly exceeding her £110,000 salary for what is supposed to be her main job overseeing the BBC. Last month HSBC came under fire over allegations that its Swiss banking arm helped wealthy clients dodge millions of pounds of British taxes, and that it sought to influence media coverage. Silenced: Retired businessman Michael Mason-Mahon (right) who said Rona Fairhead was not a fit and proper person to be chairwoman of the BBC Trust, will not be shown . Now an HSBC shareholder has claimed the BBC refused to broadcast an interview with him in which he declared that Mrs Fairhead was not a fit and proper person to be heading the Trust. Retired businessman Michael Mason-Mahon says he was invited to Broadcasting House in Central London to discuss the turmoil at HSBC in an on-the-record interview with a BBC business reporter on February 23. His interview failed to feature in the broadcaster’s coverage of the HSBC story that evening. He believes it was shelved because of his remarks questioning Mrs Fairhead’s fitness to run the Trust. He said: ‘I said during the interview I disagreed with her appointment as BBC Trust chairwoman. ‘I couldn’t understand why a non-executive director who is there to protect the shareholders ignored us when we told her on numerous occasions in the past about illegal behaviour that was going on involving HSBC. ‘It’s my personal belief she’s not a fit and proper person to be chairwoman of the BBC Trust. The HSBC item was shown, but my interview was not in it. I believe it may have been suppressed.’ Mr Mason-Mahon has attempted to obtain a copy of the interview but has been told that this would be against BBC policy. Mr Mason-Mahon is well-known for his outbursts at the annual general meetings of big public companies. Last May he brought a lawsuit against HSBC’s North American arm after it was fined £1.2 billion having been found guilty in 2012 of allowing Mexican drug cartels to launder money. Last week former BBC chairman Sir Christopher Bland called on Mrs Fairhead either to give up her post at HSBC or to resign from the Trust. Tomorrow she is due to appear in her role as an HSBC Board member in front of the Commons public accounts committee, which has fiercely attacked tax-dodging corporations. Last night the BBC declined to say why the interview with Mr Mason-Mahon was not broadcast and whether or not Mrs Fairhead – who is not supposed to be involved in editorial decisions – was told about it. A spokesman pointed out that it was the BBC’s Panorama programme that originally broadcast the highly damaging allegations about HSBC’s Swiss banking arm and added: ‘Like every news organisation we don’t use every interview we conduct. 'It is simply wrong to suggest that we would not broadcast an interview due to it criticising someone associated with the BBC.’By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 21:59 EST, 4 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 06:15 EST, 5 March 2014 . When most people have too much to drink, they will often 'sleep it off' in an attempt to sober up. A Florida man, however, is not like most people - when he was stopped for speeding last month, he told the arresting officer that his wife had been nagging him for drinking too much, so he decided to hop in his SUV and 'drive it off' - on his way to a bar to have more drinks. Michael Moore, 61, was stopped just after midnight on February 13 by an officer in Stuart Florida after he was seen speeding down U.S. 1. Brilliant: Michael Moore told police when he was stopped for a DUI that he had been drinking but decided to 'drive it off' by driving to a bar . Moore was stopped in the 800 block of Southwest U.S. 1 at about 12:35 a.m. and the officer immediately smelled alcohol when he approached the allegedly intoxicated motorist, according to court records first obtained by TCPalm.com. According to the probable cause statement, Moore told the officer that he was coming from his house and that he had consumed 'a couple' of drinks. He also told the officer that he was heading to a local bar to have 'a few' more. The officer noted in the report that Moore's eyes were glassy and that his speech was slurred - according to the officer, he sounded 'thick-tongued.' Legal limit: Court records show that Moore's blood alcohol content was 0.104. The legal limit in Florida is 0.08 . Report: The arresting officer noted that Moore sounded 'thick-tongued' and slurred his speech and that his eyes were wattery . Moore explained to the officer that he had been in an argument with his wife and decided he would take a drive. 'He also told me that his wife told him that he (had) been drinking too . much so he decided to go out and 'drive it off,"' an arrest affidavit . states. Prior to his arrest, Moore was given standard field sobriety tests. He failed them all. Once in custody, officers administered a breath test to determine Moore's blood alcohol content. Two separate tests measured his BAC at 0.104 and 0.103. The legal limit in Florida is 0.08. Moore was placed under arrest and charged with driving under the influence.Watch out ladies or you might just become smitten with the 'coolest kid in the whole wide world'. That's the view of many after Keano, six, took his mother's iPad and filmed himself showing off his muscles and abs. His mother, Caitlin Gahleitner, from Perth, Western Australia, then promptly shared the clip online. The result is an adorable video that has gone viral with over 8,000 likes since it was uploaded to Facebook by radio station 2DayFM on Wednesday. Scroll down for video . Caitlin Gahleitner (left) found a video her son Keano (right) had recorded on her iPad, which she promptly shared online . 'Hello girls, my name's Keano,' the mini-Romeo begins in a gentlemanly fashion. 'I hope you see my muscles and my abs,' he then says, flexing his biceps. Giving his viewers plenty of time to admire his stomach, Keano then lifts up his shirt for the camera and, pointing towards his belly, chimes 'see, babes? They're called abs'. 'I'm the coolest kid in the whole wide world,' he continues, before blowing a kiss to the screen. 'Hello girls, my name's Keano': The six-year-old filmed himself showing off his muscles and abs . Giving his viewers plenty of time to admire his stomach, Keano is seen lifting up his shirt for the camera and pointing towards his belly before he chimes 'see, babes? They're called abs' 'I hope you love me!' Viewers clearly did fall in love with the year one student, who received well over 8000 likes for his video and more than 1000 shares. Almost three thousand people commented on the clip, most of them comparing Keano to their own friends or complimenting him on his physique. His mother, Caitlin Gahleitner, told Daily Mail Australia that his inspiration came from his father. The video has since received over 8000 likes and 1000 shares since being uploaded on Wednesday . 'His dad goes to the gym every day and always says to him, "look, I'm getting some abs!",' Ms Gahleitner said, adding: 'Like father, like son!' 'His dad goes to the gym every day and always says to him, "look, I'm getting some abs!",' Ms Gahleitner said, adding: 'Like father, like son!' However, Keano is not as keen about his new-found fame as the rest of his family members are, as Ms Gahleitner admits his aunts and uncles now incessantly ask him 'how's your abs, Keano?' 'We all tease him about it now and he gets embarrassed, he just keeps saying "I don't want to be famous!",' Ms Gahleitner said. 'I can't wait until his 21st birthday!'Jon Huntsman couldn't help but fire a parting shot at his Republican rivals, even as he withdrew from the presidential race and backed front-runner Mitt Romney Monday morning. 'This race has degenerated into an onslaught of negative and personal attacks not worthy of the American people and not worthy of this critical time,' he said during an announcement in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Huntsman, a former Utah governor and the President Obama's ambassador to China, must now navigate the tricky waters of supporting a candidate he slammed as an unelectable, untrustworthy flip-flopper. Shortly after Huntsman told his staff . Sunday night he was planning to quit the presidential race, videos and . statements criticizing the former Massachusetts governor disappeared . from Huntsman's campaign website. Family affair: Four of Jon Huntsman's daughters, including his adopted Chinese daughter Gracie Mei, stood on stage with him and his wife Mary Kaye (in the purple) today . Exit: Jon Huntsman leaves the stage after his announcement this morning, flanked by his daughter Mary Anne (left) and his wife Mary Kaye (right) Bowing out: Huntsman's presidential bid never gained traction and floundered after a disappointing performance in New Hampshire . As an opponent, Huntsman was one of Romney's harshest critics, offering several devastating assessments of the front-runner in an attempt to win over Romney's moderate supporters. 'I will always put my country first. It . seems that Gov Romney believes in putting politics first. Gov Romney . enjoys firing people; I enjoy creating jobs. It may be that he’s . slightly out of touch with the economic reality playing out in America . right now, and that’s a dangerous place to be,' he told reporters right . before the New Hampshire primary. Lest anyone forget Huntsman's harsh words, the Democratic National Committee produced a greatest hits list of the most cutting remarks by the former candidate. Big gains: Hours after the announcement, Mitt Romney thanked Huntsman for his support and praised his campaign . Plea for unity: Flanked by his family, Huntsman criticized the divisive tone of the Republican race and said the party needs to unite . And Huntsman's endorsement of Romney was no ringing embrace. Instead, he simply cited Romney's electability. Jon Huntsman's campaign pulled down statements critical of Mitt Romney as he moved to endorse the Republican front-runner. However, the Democratic National Committee won't let Huntsman forget what he said. It has released a list of his greatest Mitt-hits: . 'I believe it is now time for our party . to unite around the candidate best equipped to defeat Barack Obama. Despite our differences I believe that candidate is Gov Mitt Romney,' Huntsman said at a news conference with his wife and children. Huntsman staked his presidential bid . on making a name for himself in last week's New Hampshire primary. But . his candidacy never really gained traction and he came in a . disappointing third place behind Romney and Texas Rep Ron Paul. Campaign sources said Huntsman was dropping out now because he didn't want to pull support away from Romney, which could prolong the GOP presidential primary. Romney gladly accepted the affirmation from his fellow Mormon. 'I salute Jon Huntsman & his wife Mary Kaye. He ran a campaign based on unity not division, & love of country. I appreciate his support,' the candidate Tweeted moments after the public announcement. Despite his low support from voters, Huntsman's departure will surely be a boon to Romney. He was only polling at three to five percent in South Carolina and Florida, the next two primary states, but he was the only candidate still competing for moderate voters who are the backbone of Romney's support. According to recent polls, nearly all of Huntsman's supporters said Romney was their second choice. This further consolidates the establishment wing of the Republican party. Conservative voters are still divided between former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and, to a lesser extent, Texas Gov Rick Perry. Huntsman is the third candidate to leave . the race. Former Minnesota Gov Tim Pawlenty exited in August and . Minnesota Rep Michele Bachmann dropped out after a poor showing in the . Iowa caucus. By his side: Huntsman made the announcement in South Carolina with his family, including his wife Mary Kaye . Waving farewell: Huntsman said he was ending his presidential bid because he believes Romney is the best choice to beat President Obama . Despite strong credentials -- an attractive, highly-educated former governor and businessman who speaks Mandarin Chinese and has extensive foreign policy experience -- Huntsman never rose above single digits in national polls. He staked his campaign on a victory, or at least a strong showing, in moderate New Hampshire. But the granite state didn't show him the love he was hoping for. He received just 17 percent of the vote compared to Mitt Romney's dominant 39 percent. Ron Paul came in second with 23 percent. New Jersey Gov Chris Christie turned down a Republican movement urging him to run for president this year, but he hasn't ruled out the possibility in the future. He told Oprah Winfrey during her visit to his home in Mendham, New Jersey, that he was considering running in 2016. 'I'll be much more ready for it four years from now than I am now,' he said. Christie says he can see his family occupying the White House in the future. The 49-year-old former US Attorney told Oprah he and his wife seriously considered the calls to run for president against Barack Obama, but ultimately he felt comfortable turning them down. 'Inside me it never felt right. I knew that if it didn't feel right, I couldn't be me,' he said.He claimed there were few vessels to enforce new regulations for UK inshore fishing waters after it leaves the EU. And the ex-Falklands veteran, who was once a Labour security minister, said he was "stunned" at the government's "amazing complacency" over the issue. But minister Lord Gardiner insisted a vessel monitoring system was in place. Lord West raised the issue just days after the government announced it is to withdraw from the London Fisheries Convention - the deal which allows foreign fisherman access to British waters. Lord Gardiner, a rural affairs minister, said the Marine Management Organisation would supervise the UK's "exclusive economic zone", which stretches from six to 200 nautical miles - while the Association of Inshore Fisheries and Conservation Authorities would cover up to six nautical miles. But he added that as the UK leaves the EU a review will be needed to reflect on the level of fisheries enforcement required. That response prompted Lord West to say: "This simple sailor is absolutely stunned by the answer, which shows amazing complacency. "The bottom line is we have very, very few vessels involved in this. They are not properly centrally coordinated. We've already seen a number of the countries involved saying 'well to hell with what you're saying, we're coming there anyway'. "We will be made a laughing stock if we apply some rules and cannot enforce them." Lord West urged ministers to establish "a centralised command system to actually control the various assets we have", adding that "far too few of them seem to be able to focus on things like someone fishing illegally in the six to 12 mile zones". He said more ships and boats needed to be built "to ensure we can actually enforce it". The minister said he would like Lord West, who served in the Royal Navy between 1965 and 2006, to go with him to Newcastle to see a new digital vessel monitoring system that can pinpoint "every vessel that's at sea within our waters". He said there were three offshore patrol vessels in operation, with a further five new river offshore patrol vessels being built that will be used for fisheries protection. But Labour's rural affairs spokeswoman Baroness Jones of Whitchurch argued that "fish stocks can't be managed unilaterally", adding "there has to be some cooperation with neighbouring countries". "Fish shoals can sometimes move for hundreds of miles, and indeed our own fishermen fish up to the north of Russia and southern Portugal," she said. "There's no point in making a unilateral declaration." But Lord Gardiner said not only would the government be negotiating "with our partners and friends in Europe so we have a sustainable fishing industry" but post-Brexit the UK will "have the ability to decide who fishes in our waters". He said the chief executive of National Federation of Fishermen's Organisations had welcomed the UK's decision to give notice to the London Fisheries Convention as "an important part of establishing the UK as an independent coastal state with sovereignty over its own exclusive economic zone". He said fishing is worth Â£1.3bn to the UK economy, employs 34,600 people, has 6,000 fishing vessels and lands 708 tonnes of fish each year worth Â£775m. The government would be "very conscious" of the interests of the coastal and fishing communities of the UK, he added.Justin Welby made the announcement after a meeting of primates from the Anglican Communion in Canterbury. In the UK, an act of Parliament passed in 1928 allowed for Easter Sunday to be fixed on the first Sunday after the second Saturday in April. However, this has never been activated and Easter has remained variable, determined by the moon's cycle. Easter is the most important Christian festival, as it celebrates the resurrection of Jesus Christ following his death by crucifixion on Good Friday. The archbishop said he was in talks with Pope Francis, Coptic leader Pope Tawadros, and the leader of the Orthodox church Patriarch Bartholomew. Mr Welby said he hoped the change would happen "in between five and 10 years time". "I would love to see it before I retired", he said, although he warned the first attempt to make such a change was in the 10th Century. An Anglican source told the BBC there had been 15 attempts to agree a common date since then. Easter is on the first Sunday after the first ecclesiastical full moon following the spring equinox, meaning it can be celebrated on a Sunday between 22 March and 25 April. But the Orthodox church follows the Julian calendar, hence has later Easter celebrations compared with those of Western Christianity. In 1990, the Vatican approved a proposal for a fixed date, which was subject to agreement with other Christian churches and governments. It has not yet been reached.It carries out a monthly survey of firms that tracks indicators such as new orders, employment and exports. The latest report for April suggested a modest deterioration in business conditions, as output and new orders declined following growth in March. That was the fourth monthly decline in activity in the last five months. Ulster Bank's chief economist, Richard Ramsey, said Northern Ireland's modest decline in private sector activity compares with growth in all of the other UK regions. Manufacturing continued to be a bright spot, with output growth and new orders rebounding to a 6-month high, driven by market demand in Great Britain. By contrast, Northern Ireland retailers reported their sharpest decline in retail sales since May 2012 and the construction sector posted its largest fall in business activity in two years. Mr Ramsey said that despite the apparent weakness suggested by the results, companies are continuing to hire staff. "Despite uncertainty and lack of demand, local firms saw their staffing levels rise in April at the fastest rate in seven months. Employment growth was reported across all sectors with the exception of construction," he added. Looking forward, he said that the detail of the new Conservative government's fiscal plans and economic policies "will affect all sectors of the economy both public and private".LONDON, England (CNN) -- The super-yachts of the super-rich could soon become super-green. The solar sail: super-yachts could cut fuel consumption and emissions by using a sail similar to this. Sydney-based technology company Solar Sailor is working on a "solar sail" which could act as both a sail and a solar power source to all sorts of large vessels. Super-yachts owned by billionaires like Chelsea Football Club owner Roman Abramovich and Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen are currently among the biggest fuel guzzlers on the planet. Some of the ocean-going beasts like Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum's "Dubai," the biggest private super-yacht in the world, are over 150 meters long and contain amenities like aircraft hangars, movie theaters, Jacuzzis, and swimming pools. All of these features sap incredible amounts of energy. Fuel consumption estimates on super-yachts have ranged up to one liter of fuel per second when traveling at high power. • See a photo gallery of the world's best super-yachts . Solar Sailor's CEO Robert Dane told CNN the technology could work perfectly with super-yachts. He said the solar sails had the ability to significantly reduce the boats' fuel consumption and greenhouse-gas emissions. "We think it would enable people to have their super-yacht but make little or no carbon footprint, which is the big problem with these vessels," he said. Dane said the technology worked by using a wing that is a solar panel or a sail, pivotally mounted to a vessel so it can be angled to the sun or the wind. The "sails" are controlled by a computer which takes into account the direction and strength of sun and wind to optimize energy collection. A design project is currently underway in the United Kingdom to create a solar sail for the super-yachts, he said. Dane said the company was working with Chinese shipping company COSCO to get solar sails on some of its fleet. "Our aim is for a trail of retrofitted sails to one bulker and one tanker in 2010. Based on the results of this, then we would design 'new-build' vessels," he said. Dane estimated the sail could save about 5 percent in fuel consumption from the solar power and another 20 to 40 percent from wind power when the vessel is traveling at 18 knots. "This might add up to a 10 percent saving overall in the whole journey," Dane said. He said there were further hopes that the technology could be improved by developing systems to raise and lower sails with fewer moving parts and store energy more efficiently.Washington (CNN) -- Within hours of President Barack Obama's announcement that Osama bin Laden had been killed, politics entered the fray. A small but vocal group of Republicans including former Bush administration officials began claiming that information obtained from waterboarding and other now-prohibited enhanced interrogation techniques led to the successful assault on bin Laden's compound in Pakistan. Debate rages about role of torture . Interviews and commentaries by conservatives, including former Vice President Dick Cheney repeated the contention, citing media reports rather than direct information. A closer look shows no obvious evidence of a direct connection, at least to waterboarding, the simulated drowning technique considered to be torture under international law. While administration officials, former interrogators and others concede that thousands of pieces of information collected over the past nine years eventually brought U.S. Navy SEALs to bin Laden, no one has cited specific information that came from the harsh interrogations labeled torture. That doesn't stop defenders of enhanced interrogations from trying. Republican Rep. Peter King, the chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, said that waterboarding alleged 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed caused him to eventually provide information on the al Qaeda courier killed with bin Laden in the raid. Was bin Laden's killing legal? Mohammed was captured in 2003, and another high-value suspect, Abu Faraj al Libi, was captured in 2005. "I think it's fair to say that it's a long way to getting bin Laden, but the first step along that road began with the intense interrogation" of Mohammed and al Libi, King said. However, as CNN Senior Political Analyst Gloria Borger reported Wednesday, Central Intelligence Agency operatives already knew the courier's nickname when they interrogated Mohammed and al Libi. According to Borger's report, the detainee who initially provided the courier's nickname may have been subjected to harsh interrogation, but not waterboarding. Later, Mohammed lied to his interrogators about the courier, who was described as his protege, and intelligence personnel concluded that the courier was important because Mohammed was trying to cover for him, a senior U.S. official said. U.S. intelligence eventually uncovered the courier's identity four years ago "from a different part of the world," the senior U.S. official said. Trail to bin Laden started with courier . King argued that Mohammed only talked after being waterboarded, and even though he lied about the courier, the fact he talked at all showed the value of waterboarding. To Deputy National Security Adviser Denis McDonough, no such connection exists. "This whole idea about somehow whether EITs (enhanced interrogation techniques) played into that, I think, is just not consistent with the facts, and, also, a little bit of a sideshow, as far as I'm concerned," McDonough said. White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters Wednesday that locating bin Laden required years of painstaking work that eventually led to discovery of the address of the Pakistan compound last August. "I can say with certainty that no single piece of information, with the exception of the address of the compound, was ... singularly vital to this, because we're talking about tiny bits of information that were compiled by unbelievably competent professionals over nine and a half years," Carney said. "And it's impossible to know if one piece of information came from one source and was corroborated in another way; if, you know which thread held the cloth together, with the exception of the location of the compound." Carney acknowledged that some information came from terrorism detainees, which he called one of many ways that information was gathered. "Now, I can't categorically rule out that one piece of information" played a key role, "because we don't know," Carney said. Mark Fallon, a former interrogator at the Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, terrorist detention facility, rejected claims that enhanced interrogation techniques led to bin Laden's capture. "I think some people are trying to rewrite history here," Fallon told MSNBC, adding that he was privy to information from Mohammed and wasn't aware "of any substantive information or intelligence that was a derivative product of waterboarding." One of Obama's first acts as president was to halt waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation techniques of the Bush administration. The issue was one of the most contentious of the Bush presidency, with critics accusing the administration of legalizing torture while supporters called the enhanced interrogations necessary for combating terrorism. Now, those who were under fire for the interrogation policies are claiming vindication and calling for their return. John Yoo, a Bush administration lawyer who wrote the memo justifying the enhanced techniques, said in a posting Monday on the National Review website that the policy had worked. However, his posting only cited media reports based on anonymous sources, rather than any specific information gleaned from interrogated detainees. Marc Thiessen, a visiting fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, made similar assertions on the group's website, but began his commentary by attributing his information to news reports. Cheney, interviewed on ABC and Fox, said he assumed enhanced interrogation techniques played a role in bin Laden's demise, but added he had no proof. Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said that information was key to the fight against terrorism. "Now let's remember that in the early days, we knew very little about how al Qaeda operated and the roundup of their field generals like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed led us not just to learn that there was a courier -- I remember when they learned there was a courier who might be a link to Osama bin Laden -- but we also learned from those people about the structure of al Qaeda," Rice said. However, Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein, who chairs the Senate Intelligence Committee, said she was unaware of any information eventually leading to bin Laden's location that "came as a result of harsh interrogation practices." Two conservative senators -- Republicans John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina -- also rejected the claim that waterboarding and other enhanced interrogation played a role in finding bin Laden. "This idea -- we caught Bin Laden because of waterboarding -- I think is a misstatement," Graham said, citing instead the years of difficult intelligence work. "I do not believe this is a time to celebrate waterboarding. I believe this is a time to celebrate hard work." CNN's Gloria Borger contributed to this story.The party won 10 seats, but the Conservatives have retained control with 45 out of 78 councillors. The Tories had 51 seats before Thursday's vote, while the Liberal Democrats slipped from 24 to 17. Labour's seats increased from one to four, while two independent councillors were also elected. Former cabinet minister Mr Huhne, a Lib Dem, was jailed in March for perverting the course of justice, and his party lost both Eastleigh council seats to UKIP. One of UKIP's gains was in South Waterside where Philip Fawkes, a distant relative of Guy Fawkes, was elected. A 15th Century ancestor of the retired head teacher was the great-great-grandfather of the the failed 1605 Gunpowder Plot ringleader. When Mr Fawkes' candidacy was announced, party leader Nigel Farage said it showed "the blood of rebellion still runs in his veins". By Steve HumphreyBBC South It's been an historic night in the local elections - with UKIP winning its first seats on county councils in the south. As soon as the votes came tumbling out of the ballot boxes in Hampshire it became clear that it was going to be a tough night for the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats. Labour gained three seats - but it was UKIP's supporters who had the biggest smiles. They started the night with no seats on the county council - but they ended up with 10. Across Hampshire, there were losses for the Liberal Democrats and the Conservatives - but the Tories retain control of the county council. One senior Conservative MP says the UKIP surge should prompt the prime minister to deliver stronger policies on immigration and Europe. Conservative Alexis McEvoy criticised her own party's national leadership after losing her South Waterside seat to Mr Fawkes. She said Tory leaders "choose not to listen to what the public are saying", which boosted the UKIP vote. "I hope the government will listen because they never do," she added. "They're arrogant, out of touch and because of them good councillors have now been lost." Andy Moore, 53, who won Eastleigh East for UKIP, said: "We have told the truth. We have listened to the public who have put us in these positions as councillors." Martin Lyon, 47, who took nearby Bishopstoke and Fair Oak for UKIP, added: "I'm just shell shocked. "It's all about the people on the ground. There have been a lot of people who have put the work in over five to 10 years in Eastleigh." Lib Dem Sandra Gidley, who lost to Conservative Roy Perry in Romsey Extra, said she was disappointed but her stronger feeling was one of concern about the gains made by UKIP. "It's a protest vote, it's a dangerous one; nobody knows what that party stands for," she said. "It's now down to all politicians to try and reconnect with the public because what was clear to me is that the public have lost faith in all of us from all parties; that's why UKIP did well, not because they have anything to offer." Voting was also held on the Isle of Wight on Thursday and counting began at 09:00 BST.Casey Curry/Invision/AP/Casey Curry/Invision/AP Simone Battle, a member of the pop group G.R.L., was found dead at her home on Friday. Frank Micelotta/Fox/PictureGroup/FRANK MICELOTTA/INVISION/AP Simone Battle performs onstage while competing on ‘The X Factor’ in 2011. Previous Next Enlarge Simone Battle, a member of the pop group G.R.L., has died in an apparent suicide. TMZ reports that the 25-year-old’s father was the one to discover her Friday morning, and that she was found hanging in a closet in her bedroom in her Los Angeles home. Law enforcement sources tell the site that her death appears to be a suicide. Battle rose to fame when she competed on the U.S. version of “The X Factor” in 2011. Even though she was eliminated during the first live show of the competition, Battle parlayed her reality TV fame into a spot in the popular all-girl group G.R.L., a rebooted version of The Pussycat Dolls. Her death was confirmed in a joint statement from RCA Records, Kemosabe Records, Reign Deer Entertainment and G.R.L. founder Robin Antin. Casey Curry/Casey Curry/Invision/AP (L-R) Paula Van Oppen, Lauren Bennett, Emmalyn Estrada, Natasha Slayton, and Simone Battle are members of the band G.R.L. "Simone was an exceptional young talent and human being, and we are all devastated to learn of her passing,” the statement said. "Our thoughts and prayers are with her family and loved ones at this time." Cheryl Cole, who served as a judge on the first few episodes of "The X Factor," including Battle's audition episode, offered her condolences Saturday. "Such tragically sad news to hear of the passing of Simone Battle," she tweeted. "My thoughts and prayers are with her loved ones." One of Battle’s longtime friends, Derek Butler, also took to Instagram to share his grief. “I’m still in shock and in disbelief to have confirmed the death of my childhood friend Simone Battle,” he wrote. “Her heart was pure gold and her star power limitless.” ON A MOBILE DEVICE? CLICK HERE TO WATCH VIDEO. ||||| Law enforcement sources reportedly say she was found hanging and the death appears to be suicide. G.R.L. member Simone Battle has died at the age of 25, Billboard has confirmed. G.R.L. Drops 'Ugly Heart' Single: Listen Battle was found in her Los Angeles home on Sept. 5. A cause of death has not yet been confirmed, but law enforcement sources tell TMZ she was found hanging and the death appears to be suicide. "Words cannot express the depth of our loss. Simone's incredible talent was only surpassed by the size of her heart," G.R.L. tweeted on Sept. 6. "We will carry her memory with us in everything we do." Words cannot express the depth of our loss. Simone's incredible talent was only surpassed by the size of her heart. — G.R.L. (@grl) September 6, 2014 We will carry her memory with us in everything we do. — G.R.L. (@grl) September 6, 2014 Battle, an X Factor alum, was one of five members of girl group G.R.L., whose debut self-titled EP was released on July 29 through Kemosabe Records/RCA Records. After getting some shine by collaborating with Pitbull on the Top 40 hit "Wild Wild Love," the act released the single "Ugly Heart," produced by Dr. Luke and Cirkut. G.R.L. was created by choreographer/director Robin Antin as a reboot of sorts of the Pussycat Dolls, which disbanded in 2010. The group also includes members Lauren Bennett, Emmalyn Estrada, Natasha Slayton and Paula Van Oppen. G.R.L.: New Girl Group's Formation Was 'Not Something That Happened Overnight' G.R.L.’s management company Reign Deer Entertainment, Antin, Kemosabe Records and RCA released the following statement following Battle’s death. “We are deeply saddened by the tragic news of the loss of Simone Battle of G.R.L. Simone was an exceptional young talent and human being, and we are all devastated to learn of her passing. Our thoughts and prayers are with her family and loved ones at this time.” Battle’s last tweeted was on Sept. 2 that she was heading out to see artist Evan Mellows perform at the Bootleg in Los Angeles. Battle competed on The X Factor in 2011, auditioning for the judges with the Pussycat Dolls song "When I Grow Up." She was mentored by Simon Cowell and was eliminated from the show in the first week. Battle was also an actress, having appeared in episodes of Everybody Hates Chris and Zoey 101. She joined G.R.L. in 2013 and had released several singles of her own. (The Hollyood Reporter's Ryan Gajewski contributed to this article) ||||| 'X Factor' Star Simone Battle Dies at 25 ... From Apparent Suicide 'X Factor' Star Dead -- Singer Simone Battle from 'G.R.L.' Dies at 25 ... From Apparent Suicide EXCLUSIVE -- Law enforcement sources tell TMZ Simone was found hanging on a rod in the closet of her bedroom around 8:30 AM on Friday.Singer, who rose to fame on the US version of... was found dead in her Los Angeles home ... and TMZ has learned it appears to be a suicide.25-year-old Battle was a singer in the girl group... which was the reboot of the Pussycat Dolls. She signed on with the group after her run on "X Factor" ... where she was a finalist, making it into the top 17.The L.A. County Cororner's Office tells us Battle's autopsy has not been completed yet ... so, nothing has been ruled out as cause of death.Simone's father told us she was found in the bedroom of her apartment in a West Hollywood neighborhood. He described her home as a guest house of a larger residence.Story developing ...In June, TMZ shot video of Simone and her 'GRL' bandmate. They were excited about their songwith |||||The high street shop in Penarth, Vale of Glamorgan, has been targeted by opponents since it opened in November. The party now invites its "anarchist friends" to aim their eggs at posters of Mr Farage and Cardiff South and Penarth candidate John Rees-Evans. A UKIP spokesman said no eggs had been thrown since the posters were put up.It will cost Crystal Palace £10million for them to convert Wilfried Zaha's loan switch from Manchester United into a permanent one. The 22-year-old left Selhurst Park in January 2013 but has returned to his former club on loan after failing to make an impression under both David Moyes and Louis van Gaal at United. The Eagles are reportedly working on a transfer window deal that would see them pay a flat £3million fee, plus £3m in add-ons to United if the triggers are met - and the loss of £4m in add-ons written off in the original deal which saw Zaha leave for Old Trafford. Crystal Palace are interested in bringing Wilfried Zaha (left) back to Selhurst Park . The former Eagles winger could cost the club £10m in making his loan deal permanent . Although Zaha's move to Manchester United was valued at £15m, his failure to reach add-on targets meant the Red Devils should recoup their outlay after paying a down payment of £10m and wages of £35,000-per-week. After being largely overlooked by previous manager Neil Warnock, Zaha has been given a new lease of life under Alan Pardew who has used him in all four matches he has taken charge of following his own return. 'I have a smile on my face because I am back on the pitch,' Zaha said. Zaha failed to make an impression following his £15m move to Manchester United in January 2013 . Alan Pardew's arrival as manager has given Zaha a new lease of life at Crystal Palace . 'There was a period where I thought: 'What is going on here?' But I said to myself that if I got minutes on the pitch I would get better and better. 'The gaffer has put his trust in me and I am trying to give it back and perform for the team. When I am here, I feel more confident. I have lived in south London all my life and my family is here. 'I cannot keep that in my head all the time because I could have another move, but Crystal Palace is my home.'Windsor's Theatre Royal was celebrating the opening night of One Man, Two Guvnors on Tuesday evening. But theatre-goers were swiftly removed after flash-flooding caused water to halt the performance. The theatre director Robert Miles said the auditorium had since been dried out and Wednesday night's show would continue as planned. Sue Salmon, who was in the auditorium when the theatre was evacuated, said: "Water was just pouring under the doors down towards the stage." The play, performed by the Windsor Repertory Company, is part of a six-week festival celebrating 201 years of theatre in the Berkshire town. The flood happened after heavy rainfall on Tuesday, which also caused havoc in London where some people were trapped in cars by flash flooding. Mr Miles said: "Nothing like this has happened to us before, we've had the occasional flood as we've been here 100 years. "All of a sudden water started coming through from the back of the building and it didn't take long for it to get into the auditorium." Wendy Sammes went to see the play with her daughter. She said: "It was a horrific storm, you could hear the thunder and lightning in the theatre. "We suddenly saw people standing up [in the front stalls] and were evacuated."By . Suzannah Hills . PUBLISHED: . 02:50 EST, 19 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:25 EST, 19 September 2013 . Former IRA commander Martin McGuinness has described the death of two boys killed by one of the terror group's bombs as 'shameful' during a peace lecture in the town where it happened. Three-year-old Johnathan Ball and 12-year-old Tim Parry were both killed by bombs planted by the IRA in Warrington on March 20, 1993. Mr McGuinness yesterday visited the town after being invited by Tim Parry's father to speak at a peace foundation named in his son's memory. Northern Ireland Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness described the deaths of IRA bomb victims Tim Parry and Johnathan Ball as 'shamful' during a talk at the Peace Centre in Warrington . Victims: Tim Parry, 12, (left) and three-year-old Johnathan Ball (right) were both killed by the Warrington bombs . A small band of around 12 demonstrators . stood outside the venue last night protesting at Mr McGuinness' speech . at the Tim Parry - Johnathan Ball Foundation for Peace. Julie Hambleton, whose sister Maxine, . 18, was killed in the Birmingham pub bombings, compared Mr McGuinness' giving a talk on peace to 'asking Myra Hindley to give a talk on child . protection'. Before the speech, Mr McGuinness said that he 'understood' the objections and described the path to peace as a 'journey'. 'My heart goes out to them because they . too are people that have suffered as a result of the conflict in the . north of Ireland,' he said. 'I fully appreciate that there are other people who don't feel able to make that journey. I would be the last to criticise them. 'My heart goes out to all the victims of the conflict. I feel very compassionate to all of them. 'We need to be sorry for everything that happened with the people involved in the conflict.' Mr McGuinness was invited to speak at the centre by Tim Parry's father, Colin, pictured left with the minister . Meeting: Colin Parry, pictured left with his wife Wendy and Northern Ireland Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness, said that history is littered with terrorists who went on to become peace-makers . Martin McGuinness has gone from former IRA second in command to mainstream politician who shook hands with the Queen. Born in 1950, he joined the Provisional IRA as a teenager and quickly rose up the ranks. By 1971, aged 21, he was second in command of the IRA in Derry. He held that position at the time of Bloody Sunday, when 14 civil rights protesters were killed by British paratroopers in the city. During the Saville Inquiry into the events of that day, Paddy Ward claimed McGuinness had personally handed him bomb parts, an allegation McGuinness claimed was 'fantasy'. In 1973, he was convicted by Ireland's Special Criminal Court, after being caught with a car loaded with explosives and ammunition. He refused to recognise the court, and was sentenced to six months imprisonment. He has also been accused of attending the interrogation of British government informer Frank Hegarty, whom he allegedly encouraged to return to Derry where he was murdered. He has always denied those allegations. However, he has never denied his role in the IRA, and has said: ‘I didn’t say I never fired a gun – I was in the IRA. There were battles on the streets of Derry.' However, when asked if he had killed anyone, he answered no. He claims he left the Provisionals in 1974 to pursue a career in politics. As a member of Sinn Fein, he was elected to Parliament at Westminster in 1997 - although he never took up his seat. He was the political party's chief negotiator when the Good Friday Agreement was signed in 1998 and was later Education Minister after the Northern Ireland Assembly was set-up. Since 2007 he has been the deputy first minister. In 2012, he shook hands with the Queen almost 33 years after her cousin, Lord Mountbatten of Burma, was murdered by an IRA bomb. The gesture of mutual acceptance and acknowledgement was an astonishing act of forgiveness by the 86-year-old monarch who adored her ‘Uncle Dickie’. During his speech, McGuinness told of his own and Ulster's journey to peace and his hopes for the future, adding: 'I was once in the IRA. I am now a peace builder. It has been a journey which has involved much hurt and pain. 'I have followed many coffins and stood beside many grieving families in the years since. 'But there can be no greater tragedy in life than parents having to bury their child.' He added: 'Regrettably the past cannot be changed or undone. Neither can the suffering, the hurt or the violence of the conflict be disowned by Republicans or any other party to the conflict.' Mr Parry said while he has not forgiven . the IRA for the bombing, history was 'littered' with terrorists who had . now become peace-makers. He added that the foundation had an 'open door' policy and their founding principle was that all opinions from opposing sides of conflicts were welcome in the pursuit of peace. 'I would hope that the people outside, rather than criticise us for that, would recognise that's a different path but an honourable path,' he said. Tim and Johnathan were killed when bombs planted in litter bins in the town's main shopping area were detonated shortly after midday on a sunny Saturday afternoon. No warning was given and no one has been prosecuted for the attack on March 20 1993, that left 56 people injured. Johnathan, three, was in the town with his babysitter to buy a card for Mother's Day, the next day, when he was killed. Tim, . an Everton fan, had been shopping for football shorts when he caught . the full force of the explosion. He died in his father's arms five days . later in Liverpool's Walton Hospital. The death of the two boys sparked a public outcry in the UK and on both sides of the border in Ireland. Mr . Parry and Tim's mother, Wendy Parry, have set up the Tim Parry . Johnathan Ball Foundation for Peace, which has since become an . internationally recognised centre for conflict resolution and victim . support. One of the protesters outside the . venue was Brian Hambleton, 58, who dropped off his sister Maxine at the . Birmingham pub blasted by IRA bombs on the evening of November 21, 1974. Mr Hambleton, from Birmingham, said: 'It makes me feel ill being within 100 yards of him. I'm here for a reason and that reason is that man's murky, violent past. 'He has to be answerable for his past before he goes forward with peace. He shouldn't be speaking in there, he should be on his knees begging people's forgiveness. 'This . town lost two beautiful young boys like I lost my sister. How Mr Parry . can greet him and invite him here is beyond me. It is immoral.' Demonstration: Protestors gathered outside The Peace Centre in Warrington where Northern Ireland Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness gave a speech to Tim Parry Johnathan Ball Foundation for Peace . Protest: Julie Hambleton, whose sister was killed by an IRA bomb, compared Mr McGuinness giving a speech on peace to asking 'Myra Hindley to give a talk on child protection'By . Mark Duell . Last updated at 11:49 PM on 30th November 2011 . The Dow Jones today closed up almost 500 points in an astonishing rally after the world’s major central banks announced a desperate move to kick-start the global financial system. The operation, led by the U.S. Federal Reserve, came amid fears that at least one major European bank . may be teetering on the brink of collapse. The dramatic move to shore up the world's creaking economy was undermined after the credit ratings agency Standard & Poor’s downgraded its . ratings on 15 global banks by one notch. All smiles: Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange before the closing bell this afternoon . Cheered by traders: A view of a board on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, as the Dow shot up . The central banks of Europe, the U.S. and others agreed to give banks cheaper access to loans in U.S. dollars, which aims to avert a credit crisis like the one after Lehman . Brothers collapsed in 2008. The . Dow jumped 490 points in its biggest gain since March 2009 - rising 4.2 . per cent to close at 12,045. The S&P was up 52 points to 1,245; and . the Nasdaq jumped 105 points to 2,620. This move, akin to interest rate cuts, gives credit markets extra liquidity by effectively providing banks with unlimited U.S. dollars to fund themselves. 'Cutting swap costs is the equivalent of interest rate cuts. The banks will be hoping this is a turning point in the crisis,' economist Jeremy Cook said. But last night John Higgins, . of the Capital Economics research consultancy, . said the central banks’ intervention would provide temporary relief for . Europe, but warned that it was ‘not a game changer’. He added: ‘Welcome . as the news was, we do not think it signals a turning point in the . crisis.’ In a bleak assessment of the crisis engulfing Europe, a UK government spokesman said: ‘We are experiencing a credit crunch.’ The surprise plan was aimed at preventing global financial markets from coming under pressure that could potentially lead to a seizing up of credit. For November, the Dow edged up 0.76 per . cent, but the S&P fell 0.50 per cent and the Nasdaq Composite . dropped 2.39 per cent overall. Gesture: Specialist Michael McDonnell, right, works with traders on the floor of the stock exchange today . Huge increase: The Dow jumped 490 points in its biggest gain since March 2009 - rising 4.2 per cent . The Federal Reserve has joined with other central banks to kick-start the global economy. They want to make it easier for banks to get dollars when needed and avert a credit crunch. Non-U.S. banks need dollars to fund American operations and make dollar loans to firms. But banks are afraid to lend because nobody is sure who holds bad government debt. If a European government defaults then it will probably put the U.S. back into recession, so it is in everyone's interests to avoid this. The central banks will reduce the cost of temporary dollar loans offered to banks - called liquidity swaps - to a half percentage point. The Fed noted banks were not having difficulty now getting funds in short-term markets - but it still has a ‘range of tools’ for use as a backstop. Britain’s FTSE closed up 3.2 per cent to 5,505, the DAX in Germany was up 5 per cent to 6,089 and France’s CAC was up 4.2 per cent to 3,155. Traders said the move recalled the co-ordinated action to steady global markets that was taken during the 2008 financial crisis. Economist Mark Cliffe said policymakers are ‘beginning to address the problem’. He stated there was a ‘very dark mood’ developing last week. Mr Cliffe added that policymakers must step in with ‘aggressive measures’ and begin to ‘confront the financing problems of the sovereigns’. Other economists welcomed the move but warned that a lot of work remains to deal with the underlying sovereign debt crisis. Variations: This is a colour-coded table of credit ratings of euro zone nations, as well as the U.S. and Japan . Compared: This graphic charts latest growth forecasts for major world economies from the OECD . Silvio Perruzzo said 'the ECB has more scope to go' and it is expected to announce more measures in its next policy meeting on December 8. 'Cutting swap costs is the equivalent of interest rate cuts. The banks will be hoping this is a turning point in the crisis'Jeremy Cook . 'Doing more on the collateral side is probably the second step. The ECB is helping the banking system while sovereigns do their homework,' he said. The shock agreement came as European Union finance ministers met in Brussels to discuss radical plans to address the debt crisis. It could see member states handing over control of their finances. Leaders have been warned they have 10 days to complete a crisis response. Euro zone ministers agreed detailed . plans to leverage the European Financial Stability Mechanism (EFSF), but . warned they may have to turn to the IMF for more help to avert . financial disaster. Europe trouble: The giant Euro sign is seen in the centre of the protest camp Occupy Frankfurt in front of the European Central Bank in Germany . Olli Rehn, Economic and Monetary Affairs Commissioner, said: 'We are now entering the critical period of 10 days to complete and conclude the crisis response of the European Union.' Italian and Spanish bond yields resumed . their inexorable climb towards unsustainable levels on today, as markets . assessed the rescue fund boost as inadequate. 'We are now entering the critical period of 10 days to complete and conclude the crisis response of the European Union' Olli Rehn . It comes as stock markets rose after buoyant consumer confidence figures renewed optimism in the strength of the U.S. economy. Europe's ongoing battle to contain its debt crisis will remain a key driver in markets for a while to come, especially if countries continue having to pay elevated interest rates to get investors to lend to them. Italy was yesterday forced to pay a high interest rate on an auction of three-year debt. The 7.89 per cent rate was nearly three percentage points higher than last month. If Italy was to default on its debt of 1.9 trillion euros, the fallout would damage the euro and send shock waves throughout the global economy.By . Anna Edwards . PUBLISHED: . 08:16 EST, 13 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:20 EST, 13 February 2013 . The discovery of a vital ingredient for fertiliser under the North York Moors has prompted a 'gold rush' as people race to invest in a company that plans to mine it. A massive deposit of polyhalite – a mineral which contains potash, essential for fertiliser - has sparked thousands of people snapping up shares in the Sirius Minerals, which plans to mine the reserve. In January the firm applied for planning permission to construct the pithead in the North York Moors National Park, a conservation area. The potash mine has promised new jobs, but some locals fear the development will destroy the tranquility of the park . The firm maintains it is the only place it could be done, and would not be intrusive as barely any of the machinery will be seen, according to the Financial Times. They say the shaft will be underground, and have chosen an area ion high ground with a forest plantation to shield it and not ruin the view. The £1.1bn project is expected to create 1,000 jobs and there are 4,225 shareholders in Yorkshire and Teesside - which together own nine per cent of Sirius, according to the newspaper. Since December thousands of shares have been bought by people eager to cash in on the mucky mine of th emineral. The North York Moors, near Whitby, has a rich reserve of potash - an essential mineral for fertiliser . The park's local HSBC bank has had customers regularly coming in to purchase shares in the Aim-listed company, such is the eagerness to profit from the discovery. The project includes a 27-mile (43km) underground pipeline to transport the potash ore from North Yorkshire to Teesside. The company said the pipeline was the most environmentally acceptable solution for moving the ore, as it will significantly cut the amount of traffic transporting the deposit. The name stems from 'pot ash', the process used before the industrial revolution of soaking plant ashes in a pot to draw out potassium carbonate, that was left in a white ash. Potash is the common term for fertiliser forms of the element potassium (K). The mineral is the 7th most common element in the earth's crust and is an essential ingredient for fertiliser. Chris Fraser, managing director and chief executive of Sirius Minerals, said the project would create 'significant new jobs' and improve local skills 'for generations to come'. But some neighbours are dismayed at the plans, saying the mine will destroy the tranquility of the beautiful area, the BBC reported. The moors are renowned for their stunning, peaceful character, and tourism jobs are vital for the area's economy. The National Park Authority plans to hold public meetings as part of a consultation process, and a decision on the proposal is expected in May. The authority said it would assess the potential economic benefits and the environmental impacts of the mine before reaching any decision.Since independence from Britain in 1970, rivalry between the indigenous Fijian and the ethnic Indian communities has been at the root of much of the political upheaval in the country. In 2014, Frank Bainimarama was sworn in as prime minister, eight years after seizing power in a military coup. Population 876,000 Area 18,376 sq km (7,095 sq miles) Major languages English, Fijian, Hindi Major religions Christianity, Hinduism, Islam Life expectancy 67 years (men), 72 years (women) Currency Fijian dollar President: Jioji Konousi Konrote Jioji Konousi Konrote was elected as president in October 2015. He is the first non-indigenous president and the first to be elected by parliament. Previous presidents were selected by the Great Council of Chiefs (GCC). He has had a long career in the military, government and diplomatic service. Prime Minister: Josaia Voreqe "Frank" Bainimarama Former military leader Josaia Voreqe Bainimarama was sworn in as prime minister in September 2014, eight years after overthrowing the government of Laisenia Qarase in a bloodless coup, accusing it of corruption and a bias towards ethnic Fijians. An indigenous Fijian born in 1954, Mr Bainimarama has long championed equal rights for the country's minority ethnic Indian community. More commonly known as Frank, he is sometimes referred to with the title Ratu to denote his heritage as a chief. Since the introduction of the government's Media Decree in 2012, the Fiji Media Industry Development Authority controls what is published by the media industry. Media organizations and journalists face harsh penalties for publishing material not in the public interest. This has led to a degree of self censorship. Some key dates in Fiji's history: 1643 - Dutch explorer Abel Tasman is the first European to visit the islands. 1970 - Independence after a century of British rule. 1987 - The first of two coups overthrows the Indian majority government of Prime Minister Timoci Bavadra. 1999 - Mahendra Chaudhry is elected Fiji's first ethnic Indian prime minister but is overthown a year later. 2014 - Former military leader Frank Bainimarama is elected prime minister, eight years after seizing power in a coup.The decision was taken after one of the students, 17-year-old Ruby Rai, told a local media channel that political science was about cooking. Video of the interview with her and other students went viral in India. Last year, parents of students in the state were photographed climbing school walls to pass on answers. The embarrassed state government had announced tough measures like fines and jail terms intended to curb cheating this year. The markedly lower pass rate seen in the results announced last week was taken as an indication that the steps had worked. That is, of course, until the footage of arts student Ruby Rai's interview was aired. The government said that her result, as well as that of Saurabh Shrestha who came first in science and was unable to answer a simple chemistry question, had been suspended with immediate effect. The two students, along with 12 others who excelled in the examinations, will now have to appear for a written test and interview before a panel of subject experts on 3 June, Bihar examinations chairman Lalkeshwar Prasad Singh told Indian media. Their handwriting will also be checked to verify if they answered their own questions, he said.But the chancellor said there must be "business as usual, life as normal" for Britons as the UK left the EU. "Many things would look similar" the day after Brexit - on 29 March 2019 - as the UK moved gradually towards a new relationship with the EU, he said. The EU has said it is too soon to discuss a transitional deal. A European Commission spokesman said: "We are about to discuss the specifics of separation and once this is done to the satisfaction of everyone, we may move to the second step." The UK is due to leave the EU at the end of March 2019 but there has been increasing talk of a "transitional" or "implementation" stage to smooth the process, before a new long-term relationship with the EU comes into force. This could mean a period during which some EU rules would continue to apply to the UK after it has technically left the bloc. Newspaper reports have suggested these could include the free movement of people, something that was seen as a key issue in the vote to leave the EU. Mr Hammond also appeared to acknowledge that it could mean new trade deals with non-EU countries could not be signed during that period. The chancellor told BBC Radio 4's Today programme the length of any transitional deal would "be driven by technical considerations". Beneath the surface, Chancellor Philip Hammond had been arguing for a transitional arrangement to avoid choppy waters in 2019. There is no longer any dissent in the ranks - that concept has been agreed by the Cabinet. In return, the chancellor has acceded to demands by ministers who voted to leave the EU that any transitional phase must be completed by the scheduled date of the next general election - June 2022. But have other disagreements so far escaped the political sonar? Read more from Iain On Thursday, immigration minister Brandon Lewis said it was a "simple matter of fact" that EU free movement rules would not apply after 2019. Mr Hammond said this was correct because freedom of movement was an EU concept and the UK would leave the customs union and single market on 29 March 2019. But he said the question that needed answering was what happened next, so that British people and businesses could "get on with their lives" without "massive disruption". He said he hoped that, in the immediate aftermath, goods would "continue to flow across the border between the UK and the EU in much the same way as they do now". On whether EU citizens would continue to be free to enter the UK, he said it would be "some time before we are able to introduce full migration controls between the UK and the European Union". "That's not a matter of political choice, it's a matter of fact. We have to put in place quite a lot of new infrastructure, we will need a lot of new people, we will need new IT systems... This is going to take a while to deliver." He said Britons wanted to know they would still be able to "go about their business" after March 2019, from buying European goods to going off on holiday, adding: "The government's job is to make sure that our economy can go on functioning normally, that people can go about their businesses as usual... that is our focus." Some of Mr Hammond's colleagues who campaigned for a Leave vote have accepted that an "implementation period" after Brexit is likely. The Conservative MP and Leave campaigner Nigel Evans said any transition period should end as soon as the UK had arrangements in place, saying: "This is not going to be seen as a ruse whereby some people who might have liked us to remain in the European Union can see this as an opportunity to keep us half in. "That's not going to happen. We are, in all but one or two transitional arrangements, going to have left the European Union by March 2019." Shadow Brexit secretary Sir Keir Starmer said Labour had been calling for "appropriate transitional arrangements" which the chancellor "now appears to accept". "However, in light of the clear divisions this week within the Cabinet, I hope the chancellor was not merely speaking in a personal capacity," he said. "I also hope that this is the final burial of the flawed proposition that 'no deal' is a viable option." Lib Dem leader Sir Vince Cable said a transition period was only "kicking the can down the road". "All the problems associated with a hard Brexit, leaving the single market, leaving the customs union, they will simply be confronted two years later." Meanwhile, Malta's PM Joseph Muscat has said he is "starting to believe that Brexit will not happen", according to the Guardian.HERMOSILLO, Mexico (CNN) -- Thirty-one children were killed and more than 100 others were injured Friday when their day-care center caught fire in the northwestern state of Sonora, a spokesman for the state's governor said. A crib and baby seats lie outside a day-care center where the deadly fire broke out Friday. The victims were from 1 to 5 years old, said Jose Larrinaga, the spokesman. The fire appeared to have started at 3 p.m. in a warehouse next door to the one-story concrete building that housed the state-run ABC Daycare and spread to the state-run institution, news reports said. By then, many children had already been picked up by their parents from the one-story building. But others came after the blaze had been put out, with parents screaming their children's names as others fainted. In a message of condolence, President Felipe Calderon wished a quick recovery for the injured, who were taken to several area hospitals. He also called on the nation's attorney general to investigate the fire. Authorities dispatched 15 specialists in reconstruction and three air ambulances to the area along with respirators and specialized medicines, and a U.S. hospital will help treat some of the victims. Watch chaos in aftermath of tragedy » . Admissions will begin Saturday, said Catherine Curran, a spokeswoman for Shriners Hospitals for Children in Sacramento, California. Shriners Hospitals is a health care system that gives children free treatment for burns, spinal cord injuries, orthopedic conditions, and cleft lip and palate, according to its Web site. It admits children under 18. The first hospital opened in 1922. The system has burn units in Boston, Massachusetts; Cincinnati Ohio; and Sacramento, California. Journalist Guadelupe Gutierrez contributed to this story.The actress, who was born in Bradford, West Yorkshire, fought a long battle with cancer and died in hospital in London. Agent Barry Langford, who confirmed the news, said she had a "zest for life". "She was a darling companion and wonderfully witty and kind," said Tom Baker, who played the fourth Doctor. "I'm so sorry to hear of her death." Colin Baker, who played the sixth Doctor, wrote on Twitter : "Shellshocked to hear Mary Tamm is gone. A funny, caring, talented, lovely and down to earth lady." Tamm's stage and screen career also included films The Odessa File and The Likely Lads, as well as recurring roles in EastEnders and Brookside. "She was a fantastic actress," said Langford, who was her agent for 22 years. "She played stage parts of such range, parts that would take your breath away. She could play any role, and do so wonderfully." Tamm, who lived in London, had been suffering from cancer for 18 months. The actress played Romana, a Time Lady from the Doctor's home planet of Gallifrey, alongside Tom Baker's Doctor and his robot dog K-9 in a season of six connected stories in 1978-9. Her first story, The Ribos Operation, saw her join the Tardis crew on a quest to find the six scattered segments of the Key to Time. Romana's other adventures included a story called The Pirate Planet, written by Douglas Adams, and The Stones of Blood, which was the 100th story since the sci-fi show started in 1963. When Tamm left Doctor Who the role of Romana was taken over by Lalla Ward. Tamm trained at Rada, beginning her career at the Birmingham Repertory Theatre, alongside Derek Jacobi, Joan Sims and Ronnie Barker. Her stage work included the roles of Amanda in Private Lives and Beverley in Abigail's Party. She moved on to work in television and film. Her first feature film was Tales That Witness Madness, with Kim Novak. More recently, she starred in Wire in the Blood, Paradise Heights and Jonathan Creek on TV. Actress Helen Lederer, a friend of Tamm's, said: "Mary was such an energised, talented woman with a great twinkle in her eye and she was so very beautiful." Tamm leaves behind husband Marcus Ringrose, daughter Lauren and seven-year-old grandson Max. Mr Ringrose paid tribute to her "sheer talent". "Mary was truly beautiful in every way. On set and offstage, her earthy northern humour and self-deprecating wit brightened every occasion." "We will miss her every day." Her agent Langford revealed that Tamm had been saddened by the recent deaths of contemporaries Elisabeth Sladen, who played Sarah Jane Smith in Doctor Who, and Angharad Rees, who died last weekend. He said: "All of these people who she knew were going."About 30 people had been living in tents on St Peter's Square, outside the Central Library, since 15 April. Manchester City Council had been issued a warrant to close the camp, with campaigners losing an appeal. The demonstrators have now set up another settlement about half a mile away, in St Anne's Square. Police and bailiffs arrived at about 08:00 BST to break up the St Peter's Square camp. Some protesters packed up their tents and equipment and left the area peacefully, but others resisted. Campaigners said they wanted to highlight a crisis in temporary housing and the plight of homeless people. The council said some demonstrators had been behaving "entirely inappropriately" in a public area. Deputy Leader of Manchester City Council Bernard Priest said: "While it is entirely legitimate to raise concerns about homelessness, there have been issues with offensive graffiti and other forms of vandalism, fighting, public urination, street drinking, litter and loud music being played. "The camp has now cost the council and Greater Manchester Police more than Â£88,000 in additional policing, security and legal costs. In the current climate, this is not an extra cost any public body can shoulder lightly. "Over the last month, our homelessness service has provided support and advice to more than 20 members of the camp - as they work regularly with other homeless people across the city - and officers were present prior to and during the eviction to provide accommodation to anyone willing to accept it."By . Tom Mctague, Mail Online Deputy Political Editor . A Tory former policing minister was slammed today after using the word 'f*ckwit' on live TV today. Nick Herbrert used the foul slur while criticising the response to Home Secretary Theresa May's attack on the way ordinary police officers treated the public. Mrs May had accused PCs of treating the public with 'contempt' and threatened to overhaul the way they ran themselves if they did not sort themselves out. Her controversial speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth yesterday sparked a furious response from rank and file officers. But Mr Herbert slammed the police's reaction and accused one senior former policeman of using the foul term to describe Mrs May. Nick Herbert sparked controversy after swearing on the BBC's Daily Politics TV show. Presenter Jo Coburn was forced to apologise for his behaviour and warn him not to repeat the slur. Mr Herbert MP was defending Theresa May's speech to the Police Federation conference in Bournemouth when he quoted a vile attack on the Home Secretary by a senior former detective . After using the word on the BBC's live Daily Politics programme, hosted by Andrew Neil, Mr Herbert was inundated with complaints and the BBC was forced to apologised for the remark. The Conservative MP was criticising some police officers’ 'infantile' response to the Home Secretary's speech yesterday.. He said: 'I am afraid there have been a minority who have been outspoken and they are very active on twitter and I saw Peter [Kirkham – former detective chief inspector] himself yesterday described the Home Secretary as a ‘f*ckwit’ in his own twitter line. 'Indeed we should not have any more of it from either police officers or former police officers - this kind of infantile discussion that goes on. What we need is a serious discussion about how policing has got to adapt to today’s age and the things that need to be done to sort out the problems that we have seen.' He later defended his actions and pointed out that he used the term 'disapprovingly'. But presenter Jo Coburn interrupted Mr Herbert, telling him 'we won't have any more of that' and cautioning him to speak 'without repeating any of those expletives'. Mr Herbert responded: 'Indeed we should not have any more of it, from either police officers or former police officers, this kind of infantile discussion that goes on.' The Home Secretary launched a furious assault on the police yesterday - accusing them of treating the public with 'contempt' At the end of the programme Ms Coburn offered a full apology for the outburst, saying it was unacceptable and would not be repeated. Explaining his actions on Twitter following the broadcast, Mr Herbert said: 'Shame on the former police officer on the prog who used the word to describe the Home Sec and who I was quoting disapprovingly.' A BBC spokeswoman said: 'Daily Politics is a live programme and, as with any live broadcast, occasionally slip-ups may happen. We apologised to viewers immediately for any offence caused.' A number of people expressed their disapproval on Twitter that such language was used on a daytime political discussion. Mr Kirkham later appeared to dispute having used the term, posting a message which said: 'Genuinely don't recall doing so 'a couple of days ago'!' Labour MP Liz Kendall was among those to condemn the bad language, saying on Twitter: 'My dad is constituent of Nick Herbert. Very unhappy at reports of his comments on Daily Politics. Completely inappropriate, especially for an MP.' Greater Manchester Chief Constable Sir Peter Fahy pleader for a truce in the war of words between Theresa May and the police . Mr Herbert was attacking the Police Federation's response to Mrs May's brutal assault on their record. He said the organisation, which represents rank and file officers, had been a 'terrible advert' for British policing and welcomed, what he described as, their reluctant acceptance of the changes proposed at conference. 'I think there is this continuing problem that there is an element within the Police Federation that hasn’t understood the importance of policing needing to change and the Federation itself needing to change. 'The Federation has been a terrible advert for policing; the behaviour of its members during the conferences, which has been often boorish even drunken; the way in which they refuse to embrace any kind of discussion about the police service, has to do with a lot of the problems that it has confronted. 'There have been string of problems and they have got to be addressed. The Home Secretary listed all of those. It’s not representative, it’s not diverse, there are very few women there, there are certainly almost no black and minority ethnic police officers there. It’s a really bad advert for British policing and it has to change and it’s not just me saying that. 'There has been this report, led by David Normington commissioned by the federation itself that listed all the ways in which the Federation was not fit for purpose and needed to change and pointed out that it does not enjoy the confidence of the overwhelming majority of its own members. 'I am very pleased that finally the Federation did, yesterday, vote for change. It was opposed by the Metropolitan Police Federation, which was a quarter of all policing. So I am afraid there are elements which don’t understand, that live in this Jurassic Park world of policing in a different age and I’m afraid it’s got to change.'The two pieces of debris were found separately by members of the public and were flown to Australia for analysis. Darren Chester said the finds were "consistent with drift modelling" of how debris from the missing plane may have been carried by ocean currents. MH370 vanished in March 2014 with 239 people on board. It was flying from the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur to Beijing and is widely believed to have gone down in the Indian Ocean after veering off course. The fate of the plane, its passengers and crew remains one of aviation's biggest unsolved mysteries. The only confirmed piece of debris found so far has been a section of wing called a flaperon, which was found on the Indian Ocean island of Reunion. One of the parts retrieved in Mozambique was found on a sandbank by an amateur US investigator in late February and the other in December by a South African tourist. Mr Chester said the investigation team had finished examining the debris and found both were "consistent with panels from a Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 aircraft". "The analysis has concluded the debris is almost certainly from MH370," he said in a statement. He said it showed that the vast deep-sea search for the plane in the southern Indian Ocean, being led by Australia, was focusing on the right place. The search, also involving experts from China and Malaysia, is scanning the sea floor, much of it previously unmapped, in the hope of locating the wreckage. Mr Chester said it would continue for now, with 25,000 sq km (10,000 sq miles) of ocean still be to searched. "We are focused on completing this task and remain hopeful the aircraft will be found." But the three countries have said that barring significant new evidence, they will end the operation once the area has been fully searched. The search is expected to be completed in the coming months.By . Helen Pow . PUBLISHED: . 12:23 EST, 22 July 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:47 EST, 22 July 2013 . Children born in Atlanta, Detroit, Cleveland and Cincinnati are far less likely to pull themselves out of poverty than those whose parents earn the same amount of money in San Jose, San Francisco, Seattle and New York, a fascinating new study has shown. Top economists at Harvard and University of California, Berkeley analyzed millions of anonymous earnings records to compare income mobility across metropolitan areas - and the results are surprising. Living in an area with higher average incomes, larger tax credits for the poor or more local colleges does not necessarily improve the chances of someone rising beyond the station of their birth. But four broad factors did appear to have an affect, researchers pointed out, and they included the size and dispersion of the local middle class. The city where you live: The interesting study found the odds of rising to another income level are notably lower in certain cities, like Atlanta, and much higher in places like New York . If all else was equal, Americans living in cities with poor families more dispersed among mixed-income neighborhoods are more likely to climb the income ladder. Children growing up in areas with more two-parent households, better elementary schools and high schools, and more civic engagement, including membership in religious and community groups, were also more able to pull themselves out of poverty and up the income scale. 'Where you grow up matters,' Nathaniel Hendren, a Harvard economist and one of the study’s authors, told The New York Times. 'There is tremendous variation across the U.S. in the extent to which kids can rise out of poverty.' Atlanta: Children born in Atlanta, pictured, are far less likely to pull themselves out of poverty than those whose parents earn the same amount of money in other cities . Where you lived matters less for well-off children than for middle-class and poor children, the researchers found. The chances that wealthy children grow up to be wealthy are broadly similar across all cities it appears. Metropolitan areas with larger black . populations had lower upward-mobility rates, but the researchers . believed this was not primarily because of their race. For example, both . white and black residents of Atlanta have low upward mobility, The . Times reported. Interestingly . Atlanta and Seatle have a similar average income, yet the difference . between upward mobility rates in the two cities are stark. On . average, fairly poor children in Seattle — those who grew up in the . 25th percentile of the national income distribution — do as well . financially when they grow up as middle-class children — those who grew . up at the 50th percentile — from Atlanta, according to The Times. Moving up the ladder: The study found children living in parts of California and the Northeast were far more likely to climb the income ladder than areas with the same average income in other parts of the country . Yet, children who moved from a city with poor rates of income mobility to a city with higher mobility rates at a young age were found to do almost as well at climbing the income ladder as kids who lived their whole lives in the latter region. If they moved as teenagers, however, they did less well, suggesting the characteristics of different regions rather than something inherent and unchangeable in the residents is responsible. The researchers pointed out that their data allowed them to identify only correlations not the causes for the intriguing patterns they discovered.By . Toby Harnden and Hayley Peterson . PUBLISHED: . 22:35 EST, 15 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 18:11 EST, 16 October 2012 . Obama's biggest task tonight in the second presidential debate will be to woo back ‘waitress moms’ so crucial to his re-election, after a poll showed Mitt Romney has stole their votes in the first showdown and they are now neck and neck among women voters. According to a Gallup/USA Today poll of 12 swing states, Romney leads Obama by 12 points among men. But it is his surge among women voters to within one point of Obama that has given him a four-point overall lead that sets him on course to win the White House on November 6th. The poll, released on the eve of the second presidential debate in Hempstead, New York, marks an apparent end to months of double-digit Obama leads over Romney among women and has plunged Democrats into panic mode. Debate prep: President Obama spent the weekend in Williamsburg, Virginia preparing for the debate while Romney based his debate preparations at a Marriott in Boston, Massachusetts . New format: Unlike the first debate, the second meeting will be in a 'town hall' format in which undecided voters will pose questions to the candidates . Unlike the first debate, the second meeting will be in a ‘town hall’ format in which undecided ordinary voters – probably about a dozen – will pose questions. At least half of them are likely to be women. In addition, the debate will be moderated by a woman - CNN’s Candy Crowley. Democrats traditionally enjoy a marked advantage among women. Bill Clinton’s 1996 re-election was said to have been based on winning over middle class, aspirational so-called 'soccer moms'. But Obama’s popularity among females has plummeted after Romney’s commanding debate performance in Denver nearly two weeks ago. Vice-President Joe Biden's bullying display over Romney's running mate Paul Ryan also left many women voters feeling alienated. Tied: Mitt Romney is now neck and neck with President Obama among women voters, according to a new Gallup survey . Within an hour of the Gallup survey being released, the Obama campaign – which recently mocked Republicans for questioning poll methodology, went on the offensive against the 75-year-old polling firm. Reporters were sent a memo from Obama pollster Joel Benenson. In it, he said: ‘'The latest Gallup/USA Today Battleground survey showing President Obama and Governor Romney tied with women in battleground states (48-48) is an extreme outlier, defying the trends seen in every other battleground and national poll,' said Benenson. Overall, Romney has 50 per cent of support among likely voters in the 12 battleground states, while Obama is trailing with 46 per cent support, according to the survey. Without winning women, Obama's path to victory in November is complicated, if not impossible. The memo includes a chart of selected surveys from a handful of battleground states that give Obama a 10-point lead over Romney among women nationally. 'This implausible result among women appears to not even provide an accurate reflection on the electorate today, making its value questionable,' Benenson insisted. Women tend to start paying close attention to election campaigns later and are more open to persuasion than men. This makes female voters, particularly the blue-collar ‘waitress moms’ whose families have been hard-hit by the recession and unemployment, the most-prized group of swing voters in 2012. Fighting for women: Female voters, particularly the blue-collar . ‘waitress moms’ whose families have been hard-hit by the recession and . unemployment, are the most-prized group of swing voters in 2012 . Celinda Lake, a veteran Democratic . pollster, told ‘USA Today’: ‘In every poll, we've seen a major surge . among women in favourability for Romney’ since the Denver debate. ‘Women . went into the debate actively disliking Romney, and they came out . thinking he might understand their lives and might be able to get . something done for them.’ Unlike the first presidential debate, tonight's debate will be in a 'town hall' format, meaning candidates will answer questions from members of an audience, rather than a moderator. There are 80 audience members total, which were selected by Gallup from a sample of undecided voters who live near the debate's location in Hempstead on Long Island. The participants had to submit their questions ahead of time. The debate moderator, CNN's Candy Crowley, will decide who to call on during the debate based on her reviews of their submitted questions. The candidates will have two minutes to respond to each question, after which the moderator can ask a follow-up question of her choosing. The candidates will have one minute to respond to the moderator's question. The 'town hall' format is designed to be more relaxed and conversational, with the candidates free to walk around the forum instead of remaining confined behind a podium or a desk. But the format also lends itself to more opportunities for unplanned or candid events, such as the 1992 debate where President Bush was caught on camera checking his watch. She . added that while Obama currently maintains an edge among women voters, . the changed views of Romney could be ‘a precursor to movement’ in . greater numbers towards the Republican nominee. ‘It opens them up to . take a second look, and that's the danger for Obama.' Democrats were scrambling Monday to maintain their historical edge among female voters. Party officials held a conference call in an effort to raise alarm over how a Republican administration would impact women's lives negatively and the . progressive group MoveOn.org released an ad starring three Hollywood . actresses who claimed Republicans would try to end abortion rights for . women. The . Romney campaign, on the other hand, touted the survey's findings as . proof that women are increasingly concerned about the economy instead of . issues like birth control. Republicans said the survey shows women feel . Romney is better equipped than Obama to spur economic growth. Romney's path to winning a greater share of the female voting bloc has been long and arduous. He . trailed the president by 18 percentage points among female voters in a . Gallup survey from April, around the time that Democrats were attacking . Republicans for 'waging a war on women' by supporting legislation that . would limit insurance coverage for contraceptives. That's when Romney's advisers decided to . step up the visibility of his wife, Ann, on the campaign trail to try . and make Romney more relatable as a husband and a father. Wooing women: First Lady Michelle Obama and Romney's wife, Ann, have been helping their husbands appeal to women on the campaign trail . The campaign also organized 'Women for . Romney' grassroots groups in battleground states across the country and . began cutting dozens of television ads that featured clips of Ann . talking about Mr Romney's 'softer' side. The strategy has helped Romney slowly . chip away at Obama's lead among female voters and after the president's . decidedly lackluster debate performance earlier this month, Romney . appears to be finally closing the gender gap. As Romney looks to maintain the progress . he's made among female voters, he's likely to tread lightly on topics . such as abortion and birth control during tonight's debate -- and to . pivot back to the economy whenever possible. Introducing Ann: Romney's advisers decided to step up the . visibility of his wife, Ann, on the campaign trail to try and make . Romney more relatable as a husband and a father . In the lead: Overall, Romney has 50 per cent of support among likely voters in 12 battleground states, while Obama is trailing with 46 per cent support, according to the Gallup survey . High stakes: President Obama's supporters are hoping for a stronger performance from their candidate in Tuesday's debate after his lackluster first performance . President Obama, on the other hand, will be looking for every opportunity to remind female voters of the measures he has enacted while in office that target women, such as the Lily Ledbetter Fair Pay Act. He will also be looking for every chance to remind women that that he was raised by a single mom and that he is the father of two daughters.By . Dave Wood . Luis Suarez has little to smile about following his four-month ban for biting Italy's Giorgio Chiellini but fans were queuing up to have a laugh at his expense. A poster featuring the Uruguay striker baring his teeth became a major attraction on Copacabana Beach in Rio as it provided the perfect backdrop for a photo opportunity. FIFA announced on Thursday that Suarez was suspended from all football-related activity until the end of October and he would miss Uruguay's next nine internationals. The news was relayed to commuters over the travel message boards on London Underground. VIDEO Scroll down for hilarious Suarez gif depicts the the Uruguay striker as Jaws . Tourist attraction: Fans queued up to stand next to a Luis Suarez poster on Copacabana Beach in Rio . Tourist attraction: Fans queued up to stand next to a Luis Suarez poster on Copacabana Beach in Rio . It didn't take long for Luis Suarez's bite on Giorgio Chiellini to viral - although perhaps people were expecting it. Within . moments of the Uruguay striker appearing to sink his teeth into . Chiellini's shoulder fans were scanning the net for photos and video . clips of the incident. And quick-thinking internet wizzes were putting together their best efforts to create viral jokes soon after. On message: Tube commuters found out about the lengthy ban given to Suarez on the digital screen . On message: Tube commuters found out about the lengthy ban given to Suarez on the digital screen . On the ball: The news broke just before the busy evening rush hour . Viral: This was tweeted supposedly depicting Luis Suarez as a child with a Hannibal mask on . Solid gold: Suarez picked up another award after a great season, according to some on Twitter . Yummy: Snickers' Twitter account got in on the act by publishing this viral with #luissuarez . Starving: Suarez's head has been added to the game Hungry Hippos as well . He's got my arm! Suarez (right) is depicted as having taken off Chiellini's arm with his bite . They've got him! Suarez depitced being captured like a dog following his biting incident . There's something in the water... Suarez is depicted as Jaws in this viral . Jokes: At least some could see the funny side of Suarez's actions - including some edited Panini stickers . Chez Suarez: Which other footballers could be on the menu? Biter: @SBNation cast Suarez as blood-sucking vampire Dracula after he appeared to aim a bite at Chiellini . Reaction: Hilarious vine depicting what Chiellini's response to the Suarez incident would be . An Argentinian twitter user was subjected to abuse on the social media site as fans confused him for Luis Suarez. Diego . Suarez, whose twitter handle is @Suarez, received so many vile tweets . that he said he was considering closing his account down. 'Please . stop I am not Uruguayan, I am not Luis Suarez' the unfortunate . Argentinian tweeted. 'I am not Luis Suarez, there are many Suarez in the . world'. Chiellini was subject to a shocking attack by Liverpool forward Suarez, who sunk . his teeth into his opponent just before Diego Godin's matchwinner in Uruguay's 1-0 win. It . wasn't the first time that the Uruguayan has sunk his teeth into an . opponent. Chelsea's Branislav Ivanovic and PSV Eindhoven's Otman Bakkal . were previous victims in 2013 and 2010 respectively. Christmas stocking filler: The Suarez bottle opener would probably be a best-seller if it was real . Spot the difference: Luis Suarez sinks his teeth into Branislav Ivanovic . Doubled up: And then of course there was another Suarez heat-map, this time showing his impact on Chiellini . Better option: Chicken chain Nando's were one of the first to reach out to the Uruguay striker with other options . Fancy an Italian? And Bella Italia were quick to follow up with an offer at one of their 90 UK restaurants . Proof: Some even joked about FIFA's overused goal line technology that has been noted during the tournament . How many times: Suarez's previous misdemeanors had not gone unnoticed by football fans online . Sniggers: Was Suarez's bite because he hadn't eaten before kick-off in the Group D decider? Bite over bark: Suarez has been likened to Jaws before and again he is proving it's not safe to be around him . VIDEO Suarez in another biting storm .(EW.com) -- This week's episode of "How I Met Your Mother" featured a pretty unforgettable smile-inducing kicker. After Ted found himself bemoaning his romantic setbacks and lack of personal progress, a look into the not-so-distant future revealed he had a daughter. Tear up? Join the club. But would you have guessed that the moment wasn't even part of the greater plan for the season? "We had a week of treading water, to be honest," says co-creator/executive producer Carter Bays. "We have the arc of the season going, but this was one week where there wasn't one, specific big event happening. We always get nervous about those kinds of episodes because you want to know that the story is moving forward." So, he says, they took a "step back," and decided to put a little perspective on the overall story of the series. "We were really telling the story that a father probably should tell his kids because it was only 22 minutes as opposed to seven seasons," he jokes. Indeed the flashbacks and talk about the past was a nice reminder of where we've been with the gang. But as Bays sees it, it's also a great reminder of where we're going -- without giving everything away. Yes, he admits, they made sure Neil Patrick Harris hid his left hand so we wouldn't know whether or not Barney would be married three years from now. "He's so good at making that look natural," he says, laughing. "He's a magician; he's good with his hands. He knows what he's doing" But does Barney? This episode saw the once notorious womanizer seemingly settling into life as a one-woman man. To be fair, Becki Newton previously warned EW that Barney and Quinn would be on the fast track. But after just a few episodes of courting, they're living together...and liking it! Is it all too fast? Bays doesn't think so. "I think Barney is in love. At a certain age, you stop worrying about the pacing so much and you sort of realize you're only on this planet a short time so you might as well be with the person you care about the most," he says. "And I think that's Quinn right now for Barney." The best way to show that, he says, was to break barriers -- by breaking wind. "We put off having a fart sound effect on our show for seven years, and we did pretty well without it. And it was one of those things as a showrunner that you know two things right away: You're going to be embarrassed that you're doing it at the table read, and you know that in the final cut, it's going to be the funniest moment and get a laugh," he says. "And it's not 'Blazing Saddles' -- cowboys sitting around eating beans â€” it's actually a very real threshold to cross in a relationship. It's a big relationship moment." So where do they go from here? For one, Quinn and Barney will continue moving pretty quickly, he says, and next week, we'll see more from Robin (Colbie Smulders) than we did in this episode. "Robin, there is some excitement in her life coming up, especially next week's episode," he says. When we pick up, Robin and Ted still aren't talking and viewers are going to see how that affects their lives and friendship. "We went for the reality of those situations," he says. "I feel like on this show we've gone as far as we can go where it's just the gang hanging out at the bar week in and week out, with these big thing happen to them that don't really change things. Ted and Robin have now reached the point where it's not as simple as hanging out at the bar and forgetting the fact that Ted's in love with her, and she's not in love with him. It's complicated." But, not to worry, he says. "I feel like [there's] a satisfying ending -- the way it all wraps up as the season comes to a close." See the full article at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly . © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.Former Prime Minister John Howard has been allowed to go home after being rushed to hospital with heart problems earlier this week. The 75-year-old was taken to the emergency department at Sydney’s Royal North Shore Hospital on Monday. He had been playing a round of golf when he suddenly felt tightness in his chest, the ABC reports. Former Prime Minister John Howard was released from hospital on Friday after feeling a tightness in his chest . Mr Howard had two stents inserted at North Shore Private after two blockages were found in his arteries. He did not suffer a heart attack, according to the Sydney Morning Herald. The former MP is now recovering at home after being discharged on Friday. A spokesperson said he would be back in his office by next week. He was rushed to Sydney’s Royal North Shore Hospital in the middle of a golf game and had two stents inserted .Otsuchi, Japan (CNN) -- Kyoko Ogawa wore the brave face the world associated with Japan's tsunami survivors. The March 11 catastrophe washed away all her earthly possessions. She watched as her hotel burned to the ground in a gas explosion triggered by the tsunami; a hotel that had been in her family for generations. She was determined not to let the disaster break her. But after the elation of finding her son alive, the reality of losing her livelihood started to erode the calm facade. She was in turmoil. She was afraid to talk to other people about it because she knew everyone was suffering as much as her, if not more. They were "ganbaru," she recalls -- enduring, holding on, withstanding, and living with the pain. She couldn't be the only one to lose control. "I was in shock because I realized that all that was precious to me was gone," she says, six months on from that terrible day. "I didn't know what to do from then on. I became tormented." That was the start of a slippery slope down a dark trail of despair. It's a familiar story in Otsuchi, northeastern Japan, where the devastating earthquake and tsunami turned much of the town in Iwate Prefecture into rubble. Today, much of that physical debris has been cleared away. But the emotional wreckage of the survivors is proving much more difficult to remove, as the mental scars from that day linger months later. In Ogawa's case, depression could have had tragic consequences for her had she not met Suimei Morikawa, a volunteer psychiatrist who listened patiently to her troubles one day at an evacuation center. Morikawa became the difference between life and death. She says she probably would have ended her life if the doctor hadn't been there for her. "I was so moved by her approach to life," recalls Morikawa. "She may have been suffering and wanting to end her life because she had lost so much, but she also desperately wanted to get over that. I was moved by her willingness to get out of her own situation. I just helped her a little." Concerns about suicide and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) are growing among mental health specialists working in the region. PTSD in particular, a condition which can push people over the edge if not addressed, can show up months after the initial shock. Suicide is also a major concern in Japan. According to the World Health Organization, Japan has the fifth highest suicide rate in the world. More than 30,000 suicides are reported each year, according to the country's national police agency, with Iwate Prefecture -- one of the regions hit hardest by the tsunami -- having one of the biggest problems. Mariko Ukiyo, a psychologist and volunteer counselor, is part of a therapy group called "Team Japan 300." She and a number of other team members visit temporary villages in the devastated region hoping to treat symptoms of PTSD and ultimately prevent suicides. According to Ukiyo, loneliness and despair take hold when the survivors move from their evacuation center to temporary housing. "It is only then that people see how their life has changed from their pre-disaster life," she says. "The sense of loss and deep grief can overcome you quickly and if you are alone when that happens, you lose all hope for the future. I think this period is when they need help the most." But getting help to the victims is proving to be a challenge in Japan, a country with limited experience in mental health care historically. Ukiyo says the amount of psychological support received by tsunami victims now is a tenth of what the victims of 9/11 in the United States experienced. According to Ukiyo, the devastating 1995 earthquake in the city of Kobe started to raise awareness about the effects of post-traumatic stress -- particularly among the younger generation -- but many Japanese continue to find it difficult to talk about sorrow and loss because of the shame of appearing weak. Ukiyo's strategy is to gather the residents in temporary housing for a regular get-together in a relaxed atmosphere. This gives her the opportunity to keep an eye on each of the participants, observing anyone that shows signs of severe distress. The hope is that what starts out as small talk will gradually evolve into people talking about themselves and their problems. But despite her efforts Ukiyo is not optimistic about the region's future with trauma. "We are only now starting to hear about sick or depressed people six months after the tsunami," she says. She believes suicide rates will only increase. Meanwhile, Kyoko Ogawa vows not to be another victim. She says Dr. Morikawa pulled her back from the brink and she is now making plans for the future. She wants to rebuild her hotel and give back to those who helped her. While Ogawa is a success story for Morikawa, he worries about those he will never reach in this devastated region. "Now that I have met these people, I have grown attached to them," he says. "It saddens me that there are still so many people suffering here. I can't stand the thought that there may be people who died because they had no-one to talk to."Sicily, Italy (CNN) -- The Portuguese CASA 295 military plane lifts off from an airstrip in Sicily and roars into the skies above the Mediterranean, scouring the blue seas below for signs of life. The state-of-the-art surveillance aircraft is flying for Frontex, the European Union's border patrol agency. Its mission isn't only to stop people from being smuggled onto the continent's southern shores -- it's to save lives. The plane patrols the Mediterranean Sea south of Sicily, including the area around Lampedusa, an Italian island near the African coast that migrants have been trying to reach in often unseaworthy boats. In October more than 300 migrants died when their boat capsized near these shores, and Frontex is hoping to prevent that from happening again. INFOGRAPHIC: How illegal immigrants enter the EU . The Frontex crew took CNN along on a surveillance flight. Human trafficking in the region is big business, and we were not allowed to identify any of the mission's crew member for fear they could be targeted by gangs of smugglers. "On the missions, every week we find three or four targets of interest," the aircraft's captain told CNN. "The main goal is to detect targets of interest that Frontex [give us the coordinates for] ... we go there and we check it out and then we transmit everything to Frontex." Fishing boats are often targets of interest because they are sometimes used to smuggle people from Africa to Europe. Often those vessels will be old, rusty and overloaded with migrants as the traffickers try to maximize their profit per journey. In some cases, sailing ships have been used for people smuggling as well. On our flight the crew also spotted an abandoned rubber boat, which might have been left there by people who made it to shore in Europe. OPINION: Europe's immigration nightmare just beginning . The plane is outfitted with infrared sensors and a belly camera that can identify and track targets at great distances. The crew will look for vessels that have an unusually high number of people on board, but they're also checking to see whether a ship move strangely in the water -- a possible sign that it is overloaded with migrants under deck. Several high profile incidents involving migrant boats from northern Africa have thrust the issue of illegal immigration to the forefront of European politics -- and now the EU is looking for ways to better regulate immigration while protecting the lives of those who try to make it to the continent. An increasing number of ill-equipped migrant ships are getting into trouble during their voyages towards Europe, and the Italian Navy and Coast Guard often need to speed to the rescue to save those on board. Most of them end up in migrant camps in Italy, Greece or Malta. The Pozallo camp in southern Sicily is one of the bigger ones, with over 400 people living on site. OPINION: EU must solve crisis to deserve Nobel Prize . One of those recently saved from the seas is Henry Linus from Nigeria. He says the ship he was on got into a storm and was adrift at sea before they were rescued. "There was no food, [there was] excrement inside the boat. People were vomiting inside the boat, we were vomiting everywhere. It was horrible," he told CNN. Linus added that if given the chance to do it all over again, he would not try to make the treacherous journey to Europe. Andrea Tassara is the Commander of the Italian Coast guard in Pozallo, one of the busiest Coast Guards in Europe. He always has two high-speed boats on standby that can go about 30 knots and take on as many as 130 people from other boats or from the sea. Tassara says he and his men are appalled at some of the boats they come upon while patrolling the Mediterranean. "The most dangerous thing is when you see a boat that is made of really old wood. God knows how it is held together and it can fall apart just by our ships coming close," he said. But many people are so desperate that they are willing to take their chances. That cost more than 300 people their lives on October 3rd, when a boat originating from Libya was so overloaded and unstable that it capsized when a fire on board the vessel caused its passengers to panic. OPINION: What's the place of outsiders in Europe? Most of those who drowned were Eritreans. At the Pozallo camp we met an Eritrean man who said that he was supposed to be on the boat that sank, but that it was so full he was rejected and had to wait for a later ship. He says many people who had spent the last couple of years fighting their way through African deserts to the coast had died in the shipwreck. "Some of us had parents or wives or children on there, we were part of that group. But fortunately the boat was full and we were obliged to stay," he told CNN. Italian Coast Guard Commander Tassara says the increase in migrant boats trying to get to Europe is huge, even though he cannot put numbers on it. He says the waves of ships usually stop in the fall and winter months, but this year there has been no let-up. He attributes that in part to good weather conditions on the sea, but also to the growing despair in places like Syria, Eritrea, and Nigeria, where many are now trying to flee the violent extremist group Boko Haram. It does not look like those waves will stop. Even if Europe further beefs up its patrols on its borders, they might be able to contain migration for a while, but they will never be able to stop it.Poppi Worthington was found with serious injuries at her home in Barrow, Cumbria, in December 2012. In January, a judge ruled she had been sexually assaulted by her father, Paul Worthington, who denies any wrongdoing. He was arrested on suspicion of sexual assault in August 2013. Reaction to the CPS announcement Key dates in Poppi Worthington case A CPS spokesman said: "The CPS has looked at the original decision in this case that there was insufficient evidence to provide a realistic prospect of conviction - as we often do in other cases. "We have reached the same conclusion." In a statement released following the announcement, Poppi's mother, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said she was "desperate" to understand more about the police investigation and the events leading up to her daughter's death. Speaking on her behalf, solicitor Fiona McGhie, said: "She is angry and disappointed with the decision by the Crown Prosecution Service and wishes to be given time and space at this difficult time as we approach the inquest." Cumbria Police, which is being investigated by the police watchdog, has been criticised over its investigation into the death, after it emerged officers failed to preserve vital items for forensic analysis. Chief Constable Jerry Graham said the force "deeply regrets" the way the case was handled. In January, Mr Justice Peter Jackson's ruling was made as part of care proceedings in the family court involving Poppi's siblings. He concluded the force carried out no "real" investigation into the death of the toddler for nine months, and highlighted a list of basic errors in evidence-gathering. Speaking after the CPS announced its decision, Mr Graham said the investigation had fallen "below standard". He said: "I would like to make a full and heartfelt apology to Poppi's family and all those who loved her." He said the main failings were not preserving potentially relevant evidence from Poppi's home and the length of time it took to interview family and key witnesses. He also said forensic analysis was not carried out quickly enough and accurate records were not kept. Prosecutors originally decided there was insufficient evidence "to provide a realistic prospect of conviction", but in January the CPS said it was reviewing the case. Cumbria police and crime commissioner Peter McCall said: "I am disappointed that despite a re-investigation no criminal charges will be brought. "The constabulary has let Poppi down as no-one has been brought to justice for her tragic death." Barrow Labour MP John Woodcock said he was "bitterly disappointed" at the CPS decision and that Cumbria Police's mistakes had "thwarted the chance of ever getting justice for Poppi's death". A second inquest into the toddler's death is due to take place in the autumn.The RMT union is planning two further days of strike action in an ongoing dispute with ScotRail over driver-only trains. Labour urged Humza Yousaf to meet the parties in a bid to end the stalemate. Transport Scotland said the minister had already engaged with both sides to find a solution. The RMT plans to hold two further 24-hour strikes, on Sunday 24 and 31 July, after the failure of talks through the conciliation service Acas. Labour's transport spokesman Neil Bibby said: "Rail passengers have already faced significant disruption this summer due to infrastructure work on the Queen Street tunnel and Glasgow Subway causing delays and cancellations. "The new UK transport secretary said resolving the dispute on Southern Railways was his 'top priority'. The SNP government should start to take seriously the real concerns of ScotRail staff and get a grip of this situation." The RMT opposes any extension of driver-only trains and wants guards to be in control of operating doors, which it claims is a safer system. But ScotRail has said 59% of customers already travel on a train where the doors are safely opened and closed by the driver, and that a second person would always be scheduled to be on board trains to help customers. A Transport Scotland spokesperson said: "Everyone wants to see an end to these strikes, Scotland's rail passengers most of all. "The minister for transport and Transport Scotland officials have engaged with both sides throughout to find a solution, which we still believe lies in meaningful discussion. "To this end we would call on both parties to get around the table and find a way to end these strikes once and for all. "The Scottish government's resilience committee has met regularly since this period of disruption began to ensure that proper planning and contingency measures have been in effect to minimise disruption for passengers." Transport Scotland said it had been assured by ScotRail that over 80% of services would run as normal this weekend. Passengers are advised to check the ScotRail strike information web page before they travel.Bernard Gavrin, from Brooklyn, New York, who will be buried at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia this month, 70 years after he went missing during the Second World War . An American soldier will finally be buried with full military honours, 70 years after he went missing in action during the Second World War. The Department of Defense has confirmed that Army Private Bernard Gavrin from Brooklyn, New York, will be buried in Arlington National Cemetery after his remains were discovered only last year. According to the Prisoner of War/Missing Personnel Office, Private Gavrin was just 29 when he was reported missing on July 7, 1944. His regiment has been in Saipan, Japan, in the Northern Mariana Islands of the western Pacific Ocean and came under heavy attack, suffering many casualties. Mr Gavrin was declared dead in July 1945 and by 1948, his remains were deemed non-recoverable. However, in recent years, excavations in Saipan by a Japanese non-profit group have turned up the remains of several American and Japanese soldiers from the Second World War. Last year the remains and personal items from American soldiers were uncovered and were handed over to the American government for testing. It then emerged that the remains of Mr Gavrin were among them after they were tested using a family member's DNA. Mr Gavrin's 82-year-old nephew David Rogers, of Delray Beach, Florida, said he was planning to be at the burial in the cemetery on September 12. He said it was 'absolutely incredible and unbelievable to all of us' that Gavrin would be laid to rest in 'the most honorable place you could be buried in this country.' Mr Rogers, whose mother was Gavrin's sister, said the private was the youngest of three children and had enlisted in 1940. He said the last time he saw his uncle was when he was eight-years-old and his uncle came to visit. Mr Rogers had injured himself, requiring stitches, and Mr Gavrin went to his bedroom. Mr Gavrin will be buried with full military honors at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia on September 12 . 'He awakened me and kissed me on the forehead,' Rogers said. He also recalled how the loss of his uncle was shattering and said that when the telegram came to inform the family he was missing, that his grandmother, Mr Gavrin's mother, opened it. He added: 'She let out a scream that lives with me to this day.'Their faces are etched with deep lines that reveal lives lived in hardship. Their expressions captured by UK-based artist and photographer Lee Jeffries, who strives to reveal the human face of addiction, the reality of homelessness and the real face of poverty through his work. Travelling the globe Mr Jeffries, who is a full-time accountant, has sought to capture the faces of those people shunned by society. His latest project took him to Miami in Florida. There he met Margo Stevens, a former porn star resigned to living on the streets of the Overtown district. Photographer Lee Jeffries has made it his mission in life to give a human face to poverty, addiction and homelessness. For his latest project he spent two weeks in Miami, where he met former porn star Margo Stevens (pictured) Ms Stevens (right) was a successful adult film star in the 1990s, living a comfortable life from the money she made, supplement by working as an escort. Today she lives on the streets of the Overtown district of Miami, in an abandoned garage with five other girls, who sell their bodies for sex to feed their drug addictions . In two weeks, Jeffries delved beyond the labels that are so readily used to define Ms Stevens and others. He looked past the 'prostitute', the 'homeless down and out' and instead reveals Ms Stevens to be a mother-figure who reaches out to the younger women around her, offering advice, shelter and a friend to turn to. Pictured is a woman called Trish, who works on the streets using the name 'Snow' 'Her story is stark,' Jeffries told MailOnline. 'She is a beautiful person, whose story is both fascinating and tragic. 'She's been exploited her whole life, but still she remains incredibly human. 'Margo was a well-known porn star in the 1990s, she lived the life back then. But her fall to life now hit me hard.' Jeffries said he found Ms Stevens sleeping in an abandoned garage, meausring 12ft by 6ft, with five other girls. Most are addicted to heroin, and all live off the money they make as sex workers. He spent two weeks with Ms Stevens learning about the fate which befell her. After stripping in clubs in Cleveland for a living as a young woman, she fell into working in the adult film industry becoming an escort. For years she lived comfortably from the earnings she made. But eventually life dealt her a cruel hand. Far from being able to distance himself from his art, Jeffries is immersed in it. He admits, the project touched him, leaving him angry at the way the adult film industry exploits women like Ms Stevens. Sex worker Trish is pictured without the wig she wears, when she assumes her alter ego Snow (picture above) Through his pictures, Jeffries uncovers stories of survival, women driven to selling their bodies as a means of feeding their addiction struggling through life with nowhere else to turn. Pictured is Brittany . The girls in Overtown survive. Labelled "crack whores" some will use their bodies to get the next $10 fix and are often treated worse than stray dogs by the men there. Jeffries said: 'I don't judge Margo,' he said. 'She is in a spiral for whatever reason, it is not important. She chooses not to help herself and maybe the grip of her addiction is such that she can't. She understands what she is doing, the life she is living. She understands the choices she makes, she just cannot see a way out.' A devastating spiral of homelessness, drug addiction and prostitution ensued. But in two weeks, Jeffries delved beyond the labels that are so readily used to define Ms Stevens and others. He looked past the 'prostitute', the 'homeless down and out' and instead reveals a mother-figure who reaches out to the younger women around her, offering advice, shelter and a friend to turn to. Through his pictures, Jeffries uncovers a story of survival, a story of a woman driven to sell her body as a means of feeding her addiction with nowhere else to turn. 'I don't judge Margo,' he said. 'She is in a spiral for whatever reason, it is not important. 'She chooses not to help herself and maybe the grip of her addiction is such that she can't. She understands what she is doing, the life she is living. 'She understands the choices she makes, she just cannot see a way out. 'But she is a human being, she looks out for other people. She is so much more than the drugs and the prostitution, the labels. She cares for the younger girls she stays with, often to the detriment of herself.' Jeffries hopes his latest series of portraits, of which Ms Stevens has become the focus, will help to raise awareness of people like Ms Stevens, those struggling to face the reality of poverty, addiction and living on the streets. Pictured is Latoria . Ms Stevens is not alone in her hardship. Though each has a distinct and unique voice, there are millions of people across the world like Ms Stevens, real people with nowhere to call home. Pictured is Latoria . Of his work, Jeffries said: 'This is a small ripple but it is significant in terms of what one person can do' Far from being able to distance himself from his art, Jeffries is immersed in it. He admits, the project touched him, leaving him angry at the way the adult film industry exploits women like Ms Stevens. In an interview filmed by Jeffries, Ms Stevens reveals her starting rate in the industry was $500 and the contracts she signed were such that she made no money off the continued reproduction of her performances. 'A lot of people in the industry are quite slimy,' she said. 'They do a lot of exploiting. There are a lot of things about the adult industry that need to change.' Addressing the financial exploitation, she adds: 'It makes me feel a fool. I'm responsible for that. I let that happen.' But when asked by Jeffries if she regrets her path in life, Ms Stevens tells the camera, 'no'. 'Not at all,' she said. It is a brave and honest answer, one which garners Jeffries' respect and admiration. Mr Jeffries' new book 'Lost Angels' is available through Yellow Korner and more examples of his work can be seen on his Facebook page. Homeless man John is often spotted on Lincoln in South Beach making flowers out of palm leaves for tourists . An auction of images in Paris in March raised 20,000 euros for a homeless charity . Jeffries' work will appear in episode 256, entitled Shooter, of NCIS airing in the U.S. on April 29. Pictured is Smoke, he has been shot three times, once in the face a few years ago . He hopes his latest series of portraits, of which Ms Stevens has become the focus, will help to raise awareness of people like Ms Stevens, those struggling to face the reality of poverty, addiction and living on the streets. For she is not alone in her hardship. Though each has a distinct and unique voice, there are millions of people across the world like Ms Stevens, real people with nowhere to call home. He said: 'This is a small ripple but it is significant in terms of what one person can do.' Mr Jeffries' new book 'Lost Angels' is available through Yellow Korner and more examples of his work can be seen on his Facebook page, see below. An auction of images in Paris in March raised 20,000 euros for a homeless charity. His work will appear in episode 256, entitled Shooter, of NCIS airing in the U.S. on April 29. Another of Jeffries subjects is Cowboy, who sleeps rough on the streets of Overtown .By . Damien Gayle . PUBLISHED: . 06:43 EST, 1 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:28 EST, 1 March 2013 . Elderly people who have difficulty remembering their way home could benefit from a new Android-powered walking stick with built in sat-nav. Fujitsu's Next Generation Cane is designed to help the aged find their way around the city, as well as monitor vital signs like heart rate and body temperature. Concerned family members can also follow the smart cane's location online and receive email alerts of the device suspects its user may have fallen over. No more getting lost on the way back from bingo... Fujitsu showcased this sat-nav equipped walking stick aimed at the elderly and disabled at the Mobile World Conference in Barcelona . The Next Generation Cane comes with a companion app for users' PCs, through which relatives or carers can program the routes they want it to take. As yet it cannot be merely queried for directions like a more typical GPS device like the ones in cars and on smartphones. Japan-based Fujitsu showcased the prototype device, which looks a little like an upside down golf club, at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, Pocket-lint reported. Technology for the elderly is a key concern in Fujitsu's home market, where more than 20 per cent of people are over 65 - the highest proportion of senior citizens of any country in the world. The smart cane comes equipped with various connection technologies, including GPS, 3G and WiFi, that allow it to find its way and send back information to the computer it is synced with. Technology for the older generation: Fujitsu's Next Generation Cane is designed to help the aged find their way around the city, as well as monitor vital signs like heart rate and body temperature . Clear and easy to read: Directions are given via an LED display at the top of the device's handle. If the user needs to change direction, the cane vibrates and a large green arrow appears indicating where to turn . Directions are given via an LED display at the top of the device's handle. If the user needs to change direction, the cane vibrates and a large green arrow appears indicating where to turn. A carer using the host computer can see the location of the stick, as well as additional data about the user, such as heart rate, measured by a thumb pad on the handle, and how many times the cane is tapped on the ground. If there are any problems detected, the gadget can automatically alert the emergency services and guide them to its location, the BBC reported. Sync: The Next Generation Cane comes with a companion app for users' PCs, through which relatives or carers can program the routes they want it to take . Alongside the cane, Fujitsu also showed off its new smartphone designed for the 'mature customer, dubbed the Stylistic. It runs on a modified version of Google's Android OS which is designed to be easy to use for people who are not familiar with mobile technology, and can even change the frequency of audio to make calls easier for older ears to hear. The Stylistic will launch in Europe from June, beginning with France. There is no planned release date for the Next Generation Cane, but AllThingsD reports that Fujitsu had been impressed by the interest it received at the MWC and would bring it to market soon.LONDON, England (CNN) -- When it comes to Sharia-compliant banking, few Western countries can compete with Britain. One of the world's prime financial centers, the City of London is also the key Western hub for Islamic banking. The IBB opened its doors in 2004 and became the UK's first and only standalone Islamic high street bank. With 23 banks, nine fund managers and a number of international law firms offering Islamic finance in the City, by 2006 British Sharia-compliant assets were thought to be in the region of $22 billion. The global industry has trebled in the past decade and is now worth around $531 billion. Britain is also in the vanguard when it comes to Sharia-compliant retail banking, catering for its population of approximately three million Muslims. In 2004, the Islamic Bank of Britain (IBB) opened its doors for the first time, becoming the UK's first and only standalone Islamic high street bank. A number of Britain's "big five" high street banks are getting in on the act. Lloyds TSB and HSBC offer Islamic banking, including mortgages, current accounts and trust funds for children. In the retail market, Britain is the only European country that offers government-authorized Islamic banking products. In the United States, only regional banks like University Bank, Michigan offer Sharia-compliant products. Authorities and regulators in France -- despite having a Muslim population twice the size of Britain's at six million -- have been slow to realize the potential of this sector. "In France, Islamic finance is at an embryonic stage. They are where we were three or four years ago," Sultan Choudhury, the IBB's director of sales told the Financial Times. British mosques dating back 150 years attest to the long connection between the United Kingdom and Muslims, but it is the British government's staunch support of the sector -- backing words with legislative changes -- that has responded to the needs of Muslims in the financial world. Junaid Bhatti, who was involved with the setup of the IBB, told CNN: "Government is a firm supporter of the industry down to amending legislation to create a level playing field for Islamic banking." The British sector is currently experiencing phenomenal growth of around 20 percent per year compared with global growth of around 15 percent. Industry insiders feel there is still scope for continued growth. Aktar Ahmed of Lloyds TSB Islamic finance told CNN: "Islamic finance is still in its infancy at the moment. We're seeing a fantastic rate of growth both globally and here in the UK." Lloyds TSB now offers Sharia-compliant banking at all of its 2,000 UK branches. Services include an Islamic current account, mortgage and child trust fund. Islamic mortgages have proved particularly successful in Britain, with the market growing from barely a trickle in 2003 to a value of $1.7 billion in 2007. But Islamic banking in the United States is suffering from an image problem. Many Americans are felt to be hostile to the concept after the 9/11 attacks, equating it with "terrorist finance." "There seems to be this misperception out there that the U.S. is perhaps Islamophobic," said Abdi Shayesteh, an attorney at law firm King and Spalding, which has had a practice dedicated to Islamic banking and finance since the 1980s. "The U.S. regulators have been supportive and they've accommodated Islamic banking and finance since the mid 80s," Shayesteh told CNN. With a best-guess figure of six million Muslims in the United States of whom around 60 percent are devout (and therefore likely to use Islamic banking services), Shayesteh considers domestic Sharia-compliant banking an untapped market. "We have at least 3.6 million [potential customers] at the very base level market opportunity for banks from abroad and here to tap into," he explained. Even so, with constitutional limits on promoting any one religion over another, which keeps legislators quiet about the opportunities, and no sign that any major American banks will be rolling out Islamic products, the market remains unexploited for now. E-mail to a friend .Google's Ad Preferences page shows you the profile Google has built up of your interests - based on information gleaned from your visits to site's within Google's advertising network . IT has been said that Google knows more about what you like than your own partner . Now the search giant has given a glimpse on just how much information it has collected - and who thinks you are. But it seems the famed Google algorithms are far from infallible. And people taking advantage of the facility that allows the public to view what kind of consumer Google thinks they are have been amused to find themselves listed with the wrong age and even sex. Nevertheless, the knowledge that Google works so hard to profile its 350m account holders is bound to intensify the debate about privacy which flared up again this week with the announcement that the company was going to start tracking users across all of its sites, including YouTube. The detailed personal 'profile' sums up many of a user's interests, along with age and gender. Google builds a detailed profile by harvesting the history of its account holders' visits to sites in its advertising network. But your age and gender are decided by those of other Google users who have visited the sites you visit, leading to the mistakes. 25 years out and the wrong gender. HmmmmPenny, LondonThis says I'm 65+ and male... last time I checked I was 42 and female!Lu, Madrid, SpainIt seems I've aged 20 years because I like home, gardening and cats. I may well turn into the mad cat lady in 20 years, but I'm not there yet! Sharon, Herts . One blogger from tech site Mashable found this week that Google's Ad Preferences page assume that she was middle-aged - and a man, simply because her interests included technology and computing. The profile page, called Ad Preferences, is hidden away inside a settings menu in Google Accounts, but can be accessed directly here. This sort of in-depth profiling raises alarm bells with privacy activists. 'Consumers have increasingly digital lives and they are developing an unfathomably large data trail every day,' says Rainey Reitman, activism director for privacy group Electronic Frontier Foundation. 'There has never been another time in history where privacy was under the kind of assault it is today.' You can opt out of the tracking, or manually edit your details. Google also does not store information on controversial subjects such as pornography. The Ad preferences page came to public attention following a sweeping change to 'privacy policy' which comes into effect on March 1, although the preferences page was launched some time ago. YouTube data, Gmail information and search data will all be used to build up ever more accurate advertising profiles and also the company claims it will make searches more personalised. The Mashable writer's interests meant that Google Ad Preferences identified her, wrongly, as being both middle-aged and a man . In most cases, though, the data is eerily accurate, bringing up a breakdown of interests, age and sex. The Advertising Preferences information that Google gathers . is sent out as a 'cookie' - a packet of information sent out by your . browser - whenever you visit other Google partners, who then serve up 'relevant' adverts when you visit their sites. Users who are fearful of the amount of information Google holds can block the profiling by disabling 'cookies' in their internet browser settings. Google says, 'We associate interests with your ads preferences based on the types of websites that you visit within the the Google Display Network.' 'For example, when you browse many gardening-related websites in the the Google Display Network, Google may associate a gardening preference with your cookie.' 'If the sites that you visit have a majority of female visitors, we may associate your cookie with the female demographic category.' Some users reported that Google had identified bizarre interests such as 'Sweets and Candy', and was duly serving them adverts appropriate to that 'interest'. You can manually change your 'interests' from your Ad Preferences page - although you cannot, of course, stop Google from sending you adverts.In 2004, Sen. John Kerry entered the campaign against incumbent President George W. Bush with a seemingly unassailable advantage on a sensitive issue -- the liberal Kerry served in the Vietnam War, and the conservative Bush didn't. Rather than avoid the topic, Bush supporters came up with the notorious "Swift Boat" campaign that raised enough questions about Kerry's war record to negate a major strength. Such "attack the strength" tactics have been a staple of this year's presidential race, with both sides trying to undermine perceived advantages of the other. The latest example is a new Web video that accuses President Barack Obama of engineering classified leaks and claiming undue credit on his signature foreign policy achievement: the raid that killed Osama bin Laden. The premise is simple: In a political environment where perception often trumps policy, mount early challenges to your opponent's strongest attributes to raise questions and create an alternative image in the minds of voters. For example, the Obama campaign has attacked certain Republican nominee Mitt Romney's successful business career, portraying the venture capitalist company he founded as a pioneer in outsourcing American jobs. The purpose was to blunt Romney's persistent claim that his business background made him better qualified than Obama to manage the slow-recovering economy, the most important issue to voters. Meanwhile, Romney's team is challenging Obama on the volatile issue of reforming Medicare, the popular health care program for senior citizens. By naming House Budget Chairman Paul Ryan as his running mate last week, Romney and his team knew the Obama campaign would attack Ryan's proposal to partially privatize Medicare, so they have tried to turn the tables by accusing the president this week of cutting more than $700 billion out of the government-run system. Both of the attacks are misleading or untrue, according to independent assessments. Websites such as PolitiFact.com and Fact.Check.org ruled that outsourcing by Romney's company, Bain Capital, occurred after he gave up daily management responsibilities in 1999. On Medicare, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office found that reforms to the program under Obama's 2010 health care law resulted in hundreds of billions of dollars in savings, rather than spending cuts that reduced benefits, as alleged by the Romney campaign. PolitiFact rated the Romney campaign's claim as "mostly false." To Republican strategist Ron Bonjean , the Romney camp's maneuver on Medicare was "a brilliant move." "They are going to be attacked on it anyway. They have 'jujitsued' this," Bonjean told CNN on Friday, adding: "It's a good idea to try to neutralize this issue right now, which I think they are being very effective at." Outside groups supporting the candidates also are taking part. A video spot by Priorities USA Action, a super-PAC backing Obama, sought to link Romney to the death of the wife of a steel worker who lost his job at a plant closed down by Bain Capital. The ad, which has yet to be scheduled for broadcast, was rated "false" by PolitiFact. Now, a little-known group of former special forces members called the Special Operations OPSEC Education Fund has released the 22-minute Web video that criticizes Obama on the bin Laden takedown. A spokeswoman says the group has raised about $1 million toward an advertising campaign in some key swing states, but refused to discuss donors. Over a picture of Obama, the video's narrator says that the group's mission is to stop politicians from using sensitive intelligence about the bin Laden raid and other clandestine programs for political benefit. The organization, which describes itself as nonpartisan, shares an office with two Republican political consulting firms in Alexandria, Virginia. Its spokesman, Chad Kolton, worked for the Bush administration as a spokesman for the Director of National Intelligence, and its president ran for Congress as a Republican. To Darrell West of the Brookings Institution, the video evokes memories of the Swift Boat campaign that mounted a barrage of negative attacks against Kerry's war record. "Obama's strong suit actually is on national security," said West, the vice president and director of governance studies at Brookings. "He's the guy who got bin Laden, and that's been a central claim of his campaign. So there's always a risk of the opposition coming in with this type of ad to try to undermine the president's credibility and take away what is really his strong suit." The president has regularly cited the killing of bin Laden as a campaign promise he fulfilled, and the head of special operations, Adm. William McRaven, recently told CNN that Obama deserved credit. "Make no mistake about it: It was the president of the United States that shouldered the burden for this operation, that made the hard decisions," McRaven said. Like other top officials, including Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and former Defense Secretary Robert Gates, McRaven also has been highly critical of recent leaks about clandestine operations. The White House has denied leaking classified information, and two federal prosecutors have been assigned to investigate recent leaks about the Stuxnet virus and drone strike operations. Republicans blame Obama for the leaks that occurred on his watch, and they call for an independent investigation. The "attack the strength" tactic is nothing new, but gained prominence last decade when utilized by Republican strategist Karl Rove, who guided Bush's two presidential campaigns . "Karl Rove did something that many other political operatives don't do, and it's really an element of why he's a unique figure in American political life," journalist Wayne Slater said in a PBS Frontline documentary titled "Karl Rove: The Architect." "He understands that while other people look for the weakness in an opponent and exploit that, Rove has long looked at the strength of an opponent." That was particularly true of the Swift Boat attacks on Kerry, said Slater, co-author of the book "Bush's Brain: How Karl Rove Made George W. Bush Presidential." "The No. 1 thing that John Kerry offered was his heroic service in Vietnam," Slater said in the PBS documentary, "and so what Rove did was attack the strength of Kerry, not his weakness." Others clearly took notice. In attacking Romney's background at Bain Capital, the Obama campaign is following the example of former House Speaker Newt Gingrich from the Republican primary campaign. Gingrich's criticism that Romney's business record included shutting down companies and outsourcing jobs got panned by many fellow Republicans. In response, Gingrich said his attacks were only the initial salvos of an all-out assault on the issue that Romney would face from the Obama campaign if he became the nominee.An iPhone-shaped memorial to Apple founder Steve Jobs has been removed from outside a Russian university campus after current CEO Tim Cook announced that he is gay. The 6ft-high statue had been put up outside a college in St Petersburg in January 2013 by a Russian group of companies called West European Financial Union (ZEFS) to honour Jobs. However, in a statement on Monday, ZEFS said they had to abide by a law combating 'gay propaganda' and that the memorial had been removed. Scroll down for video . Removed: An iPhone-shaped memorial to Apple founder Steve Jobs has been removed from outside a Russian university campus after current CEO Tim Cook (right) announced that he was gay . The monument was dismantled on Friday, the day after Cook, who succeeded Jobs at the helm of the company, publicly acknowledged he was gay in an essay. 'In Russia, gay propaganda and other sexual perversions . among minors are prohibited by law,' ZEFS said, noting that the . memorial had been 'in an area of direct access for young . students and scholars'. 'After Apple CEO Tim Cook publicly called for sodomy, the . monument was taken down to abide to the Russian federal law . protecting children from information promoting denial of . traditional family values.' Dismantled: The monument was dismantled on Friday, the day after Cook, who succeeded Jobs at the helm of the company, publicly acknowledged he was gay in an essay . Last year, Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a law prohibiting what he called the spread of 'gay propaganda' among minors, and promoting 'traditional values'. Putin claims gay people in Russia are not discriminated against, and the law was needed only to protect young people. However, members of the gay community say the law has led to increased problems for them. The 'gay propaganda' law caused outrage and protests in the West, particularly in the run-up to the Winter Olympics in the Black Sea resort of Sochi in February. Anger: The 'gay propaganda' law caused outrage and protests in the West, particularly in the run-up to the Winter Olympics in the Black Sea resort of Sochi in February . Cook said he had decided to come out to help move forward . civil rights, confirming a fact that had been widely known in . the Silicon Valley tech community but was rarely discussed. Vitaly Milonov, a St Petersburg lawyer and campaigner against gay rights was among those behind the new law and, according to Russian media, has called for Cook to be banned from visiting Russia. ZEFS companies offer a range of products and services in areas such as real estate, construction, advertising and micro-financing. ZEFS head Maxim Dolgopolov, who ordered the removal . of the monument, expressed opposition to personal sanctions in . Monday's statement, but supported the 'protection of traditional . values' by law. 'Sin should not become the norm. There is nothing to do in . Russia for whose who intend to violate our laws,' he said.They say it is a result of significant increase in loss of human lives from attacks by wild animals. The problem is especially acute in buffer zones between human settlements and national parks. In recent years, Nepal has developed a successful protection programme for many endangered species. The Chitwan National Park in southern Nepal has more than 500 rhinos, up from half that figure few years ago, and more than 125 tigers. The Bardiya National Park in the west now has more than 80 elephants, almost 10 times as many as there were in the 1990s. In the Himalayas, the numbers of endangered species like snow leopards and red pandas have been growing as well. And the country has nearly 24% of its land area as protected areas, including national parks, conservation areas and wildlife reserves. With all these achievements in nature conservation, however, Nepal has also witnessed a rising number of human deaths and property losses because of wildlife. In the last five years, more than 80 people have been killed by wild elephants while 17 of the animals died in retaliatory killings, according to forest ministry officials. Last month, local people in Chitwan, southern Nepal, staged a strike and demanded that a rogue elephant be killed after it had taken the lives of three people. A few months ago, a leopard in western Nepal caused terror as it killed more than a dozen people within a matter of weeks. In eastern Nepal, herds of wild elephants continue to rampage, demolishing human settlements and raiding crops. Meanwhile, common leopards are increasingly attacking children and livestock in the hilly region. Further north, in the trans-Himalayan region, locals continue to complain about snow leopards preying on their livestock. Although forest ministry officials are yet to compile the latest data on these losses, they do admit that such incidents have gone up remarkably. "Before, we used to record about 30 human deaths because of wildlife attacks annually but in the past few years the figure appears to have risen significantly," said Forest Ministry spokesman Krishna Acharya who, until recently, headed Nepal's Department of National Parks and Wildlife Conservation. He added: "The time has now come for us to determine how many such wildlife species we can have in our protected areas." WWF's Nepal country director, Anil Manandhar, said the problem had become quite serious. "This is now something that could become the biggest threat and setback for Nepal's success in wildlife conservation," he explained. Wildlife experts say human settlements known as buffer zones around national parks have become flashpoints for human-wildlife encounters. "The numbers of rhinos and tigers are increasing in the national park and they are moving out in search of food and space. Meanwhile, the increasing human population needs more of the natural resources available, and that competition creates conflict," said Mr Acharya. Most of Nepal's national parks and protected areas are either in the Himalayan region or in the Tarai area, the southern plain land that border India. Yet, wildlife-related loss of lives and properties are also increasingly being seen in the mid-hill region, geographically located between the Himalayas and Tarai plain land. Conservationists point at the growing number of attacks on children and livestock by common leopards because this region has seen huge success in community forestry. "We have been hearing complaints from farmers that community forests have more wildlife than in some national parks and therefore they are suffering losses of lives and properties," said Yam Bahadur Malla, country director for the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) in Nepal. He also suggested it was necessary to scientifically demarcate the boundaries of national parks, as some species involved in the attacks were sometimes found outside the existing boundaries. Forest ministry officials, however, said the chances of expanding existing protected areas were very slim because Nepal had already made huge swathes of land available for nature conservation. Mr Acharya said the details of plans to limit wildlife growth were yet to be worked out but he added that one of the ideas would be to relocate some of the wildlife species. "We have listed nine such species that can be trans-located from where there are quite many of them to where there are very few and such species include animals involved in conflicts with humans," he said. Mr Acharya also hinted that Nepal will now not commit to protect more wildlife than the amount its protected areas could sustain. "For instance, we have said we will double the number of tigers to 250. But as we cannot expand our protected areas, we will not be able to commit more than that," he said. "Nor can we add new conservation areas."By . Anna Hodgekiss . Doctors using Skype to check on a patient at home helped save her husband’s life when he collapsed in front of them. Medics were monitoring kidney patient Brenda Griffin via the internet when they saw her husband, Peter, who was sitting next to her, keel over. The hospital staff immediately dialled 999 and told Mrs Griffin how she could unlink herself from her kidney dialysis machine so she could help her 70-year-old husband. Medics who were monitoring Brenda Griffin while she underwent dialysis via the internet saw her husband Peter collapse on camera and were able to guide Mrs Griffin on how to unlink herself and help her husband . Paramedics were alerted and he was was rushed to hospital where it was discovered he had bowel cancer. Mrs Griffin, 65, from Draycott, near Derby, said: 'I don’t know what would have happened if we hadn’t been using Skype that day. 'Skype had already given me my life back because it meant I could have my treatment at home. Now it’s saved my husband as well.' Royal Derby Hospital is one of the first in England to use Skype internet video technology to speak to patients at home. Mrs Griffin uses Skype on her tablet (pictured) to talk to experts, which allows her to have her kidney dialysis treatment at home. Royal Derby Hospital is one of the first in England to use Skype internet video technology so that patients do not have to spend so much time in hospital . Mrs Griffin had been attending three days a week to be hooked up to a dialysis machine for four hours at a time. But the treatment was gruelling and left her exhausted, so doctors came up with an alternative solution. Instead of traipsing into hospital, she would be able to stay at home to have her dialysis treatment, speaking face to face with staff at the hospital’s renal unit via Skype on her Kindle tablet. Mrs Griffin, a retired receptionist, said: 'My husband had set up the machine for me but it was one of those days where we were having problems with it, so I decided to Skype the unit. 'While I was talking, Peter suddenly said he didn’t feel well. He sat down and then, all of a sudden, he passed out. 'The hospital was asking what was going on as Peter came around. He went to go and mop his brow but then he passed out again. Mrs Griffin had been attending three days a week to be hooked up to a dialysis machine for four hours at a time . 'At this point, I was tied up to my machine so I couldn’t do anything. Peter normally helps me out with it. 'So the hospital sent out for the paramedics and then guided me on how to take myself off it. By the time I had managed to take the needles out, the paramedics had arrived. 'If it hadn’t been for Skype, I don’t know what would have happened. It’s a wonderful thing.' Mr Griffin, a retired British Rail supervisor, was taken to hospital after his collapse last November. Tests revealed he had collapsed and felt unwell because he was suffering from bowel cancer. Doctors operated on him the following month and he is now receiving lower doses of chemotherapy at home, through tablets. The hospital is hoping to extend Skype consultations to other departments.(CNN) -- When looking at the world's lowest unemployment rates, one of the first things you might notice is that many of the countries are in Southeast Asia. Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia and Vietnam all have unemployment rates at or below 3%, ranking them in the top six overall, according to tradingeconomics.com. "One reason why the unemployment rates in those countries are low is because they're starting to get a lot of investment that used to go to China and would have gone to China," said George T. Haley, a professor of marketing and international business at the University of New Haven and co-author of "New Asian Emperors: The Business Strategies of the Overseas Chinese." Haley said high wage inflation in China has prompted companies to start outsourcing to other countries instead. But investing in Southeast Asia is far from a new thing in the corporate world. "The U.S., in its policies back during the Vietnam War, encouraged and gave actual subsidies to companies that would source from Southeast Asia because they wanted to use the investment to combat the spread of communism," Haley said. "And over time, it just became a good place to invest. You had relatively low cost of labor ... you had investment support from the U.S. government, and you had the growing economy, which just fed on itself." Speaking of the U.S., its unemployment rate is 9.2%, which ranks it close to the bottom among the countries on our table of 67 countries. While business is definitely booming in Southeast Asia, take its unemployment numbers with a grain of salt. Many countries define unemployment differently, so it's sometimes difficult to accurately compare rates from different regions. It's also important to note that the table above shows only unemployment rates that have been released since December 2010. Many countries are not on this list because they haven't released their rates in years, if at all. So while the table shows that Angola and South Africa are last on the list at 25%, they are likely far from the world's worst. The latest CIA World Factbook has estimated unemployment rates for most of these missing countries, and eight of them are above 50%. Zimbabwe might have a jobless rate as high as 95%. Other notable countries on the table: . *** America's unemployment rate is well behind its nearest neighbors, Mexico (5.2%) and Canada (7.4%). *** One of the roots of the so-called Arab Spring has been the lack of jobs, especially for young people in the Mideast and North Africa. Tunisia, the first government to fall, had an unemployment rate of 13% one month before its revolution. Egypt's rate was just under 12% in March. Morocco, another country in North Africa experiencing unrest, reported a rate of 9.1%. *** Some of the highest rates on the list come from three countries that have recently received bailouts from the European Union. Ireland and Greece are both above 14%, while Portugal is just a few points behind at 12.4%. But it's Spain, at 21.3%, that has the highest unemployment rate in the EU.Tony Adams wants the current Arsenal squad to stop calling him ‘Mr Adams’. He wants to stop having to tell them how it feels to be a winner because none of them know. He wants them to start writing their own history, starting with lifting the FA Cup at Wembley. It feels fitting that Adams is speaking at Repton Boxing Club in east London, in front of a black and white poster screaming ‘No Guts No Glory’. He is incredulous that Arsenal could be stifled by the tag of favourites and seems equally unimpressed as he explains Arsene Wenger believes he has a squad capable of winning the Champions League. Mr Arsenal: Tony Adams (left) won plenty of trophies as Arsenal skipper including the 1989 league title . Tear it down: Adams has been honoured with a statue, but wants this generation to write a new history . But then Adams, as he puts it, ‘likes winning things’. The former Arsenal captain can look back on four League titles, three FA Cups and two League Cups between 1987 and 2002. If his old club secure fourth place in the Barclays Premier League and the FA Cup this season it would only mean the campaign has ‘not been a failure; not like having to play in the Europa League like Tottenham’. He adds: ‘None of this Arsenal team knows what it’s like to win a trophy for the club. Arsene remembers, but not these players. ‘I did a Q&A with some of the players the other week, and all the questions about winning were coming to me because they didn’t have the answers. ‘I was talking to Carl Jenkinson and Kieran Gibbs and I was telling them: “You need to know how it feels just to get over the line” because it’s a weird feeling. ‘It was normal for us to win games. I’m not so sure this group of players has that. ‘They call me Mr Adams and stuff! I’m not sure I ever called older players “Mister”. Ambition: Wenger badly wants to win the Champions League after coming so close in 2006, says Adams . Learning to win: Adams has had to answer questions about success to both GIbbs (left) and Jenkinson (right) ‘I want them to be pushing me to the side and ripping my statue down and make their own history. ‘They’re lovely guys, but they need leadership. Mikel Arteta’s a good pro without being, for me, a great player, but he will say “come on”. ‘(Per) Mertesacker’s been more verbal this year. I had a go at Per at the beginning of the season and said: “You don’t have to be Mr Nice Guy, you don’t have to be liked.” You don’t just go through your career letting it go by and missing the moment.’ Adams believes Wenger had ‘10 easy years’ in his first decade at Arsenal, having inherited that famous back five and an ‘unbelievable squad’ of players ‘ready to be taught’. The 47-year-old thinks the Frenchman should sign a new contract at the club, regardless of the outcome at Wembley, but disagrees with Wenger’s optimism about the potential of his squad to win Europe’s most glittering prize. Leaders: Both Arteta (left) and Mertesacker (right) have had to learn to be more assertive this season . ‘I think Arsene really wants to win the Champions League,’ says Adams, ‘and I think he still thinks this group of players can do it for him. While he’s still got that belief, he’ll stick around. ‘If he thought that this squad couldn’t win him the Champions League I think he’d move on to Barcelona or a club that would deliver that for him before he goes to Paris Saint-Germain. ‘Do I share that optimism? No, I don’t. I don’t think the full backs are good enough. They’ve really struggled this year. ‘But I think Arsene should stay. I think, financially, he does fantastic for the club and there’s a great structure in place and better the devil you know. ‘He came in to take over an unbelievable squad, with an untapped French market, and he found a captain who had sobered up six weeks ago and was ready to grab life, instead of grabbing a pint, so a lot of his circumstances are to do with timing. ‘When the teacher appeared, that team was ready to run. I think he had 10 easy years, really.’ In conjunction with The European Azerbaijan Society and to mark World Refugee Week, Tony Adams is promoting a gala charity boxing night at York Hall, East London, on Friday 27th June. Tickets are available at www.Repton-Gabala.eventbrite.co.uk and proceeds will go to the Mo Farah Foundation.A woman in China has been slammed online after she prevented firefighters from breaking the window of her luxury car in order to rescue her trapped three-year-old son. China's state broadcaster CCTV reported that the incident, which occurred in the city of Yiwu in Zhejiang province last Saturday (July 11), triggered an outpouring of anger on social media. Large crowds had gathered after hearing the boy's cries of help coming from within the BMW, but were surprised to find his unperturbed mother standing outside the car. With the boy growing visibly weaker as he clawed in vain against the car window, firefighters attempted to break the window but were stopped by the mother. An eyewitness said the mother insisted that they wait for a locksmith to unlock the car door as she did not want to damage the car. But the firefighters ignored her and ended up smashing the window to rescue her son. "It is very dangerous to leave kids inside the car, especially in such heat," one firefighter was quoted as saying. "The temperature inside the car can soar in a very short time and threaten the child's life." Netizens expressed shock and disgust at the woman's actions. One wrote sarcastically: "Looks like the car window is her real son." ||||| BMW logos are displayed on a production line in Berlin. Reuters This post has been updated since it was first published. See note below. China’s Internet has lit up with debate this week after reports of a mother who left her young son alone in her BMW – then refused to smash the luxury car’s windows in order to rescue him from the heat. The mother, who has not been named in Chinese news reports, has since denied that she opposed smashing the window and says that she tried to break it herself, to no avail. Advertisement The incident took place last Saturday night, when firefighters in the city of Yiwu in coastal Zhejiang province received a call alerting them that a child was locked inside a BMW, according to the Zhejiang Online provincial news site. When the firefighters arrived, they found a young boy sitting in the driver’s seat of the car, crying and prying at the glass, the report said, citing one of the rescuers. The child had already been trapped in the car for about an hour, it said, and two locksmiths were already at work trying to open the door, while a large crowd was gathered around watching. According to Zhejiang Online, the firefighters began to negotiate with the child’s mother, who urged them to wait for the locksmiths to open the door. After several minutes they were still unsuccessful, and the crowd began to condemn the mother. Finally, the report said, the firefighters insisted on smashing the glass, saving the frightened child. Days after the initial report, the mother told the Qianjiang Evening News that the incident had been misunderstood. In an interview published Wednesday, she said that she had tried to break the window using a stone and hammer, and then called the police after her efforts failed. She maintained that she had hoped the locksmiths could open the door as the breaking glass could frighten or injure her 17-month-old son trapped inside. The Hangzhou-based newspaper also quoted a firefighter who defended the mother and said the confusion could have arisen because she “didn’t say anything” when he initially asked for permission to break the window. Photos posted online by the website showed large crowds of onlookers blocking a main street as they gathered around a fire engine and the black luxury car. On China’s Weibo microblogs – where reports of the incident had received more than 7.6 million views as of Thursday afternoon – users responded with fury to the initial report, with many arguing that the mother’s behavior was an example of values gone awry in modern China. “It’s clear that for this mother, a car is more important than her child,” one Weibo user wrote. “Leaving a child trapped in a car on such a hot summer day, and then refusing to smash the window? Do you really want your child to suffocate?” wrote another. Remarked another: “If you encounter this kind of situation, the answer is simple: First smash up the parents, then smash the glass.” After the mother’s defense, however, some users directed their rage at the media, arguing that the tale was only the latest case of a news story being blown out of proportion. “Some journalists know that ‘Dog Bites Man’ isn’t really news, so they try to rewrite it as ‘Man Bites Dog,’” one Weibo user wrote Thursday morning. “In the end they just cause a big stir.” China has experienced dazzling economic growth in recent years, and with it has come soul-searching over whether public values have now shifted toward the pursuit of material wealth at any cost. Owners of glitzy cars have become a particular scourge, with 80% of respondents in a Hurun Research Institute survey last year saying that they had heard negative news reports involving drivers of luxury vehicles. 70% of the bad publicity was related to BMW owners, the survey said. –Felicia Sonmez. Follow her on Twitter @feliciasonmez. (Note: This post has been updated to include comments from the mother and local rescuers in news reports published Wednesday, and subsequent reactions among social media users.) Sign up for CRT’s daily newsletter to get the latest headlines by email. For the latest news and analysis, follow @ChinaRealTime ||||| Chinese drivers of BMW cars are seen as newly rich, materialistic showoffs by drivers of other luxury brands. Yet such owners consider themselves relatively discreet entrepreneurs with a positive outlook on life. That’s just one of the findings of a survey of luxury car owners in China published Wednesday. The survey, conducted by wealth research firm Hurun Research Institute, compared the images of eight foreign luxury brands vying for a spot in the country’s luxury car market, which is widely expected to overtake the U.S. to become the world’s biggest in the next few years. But an anticorruption drive by the Chinese government is changing how those living the high life are perceived by a Chinese public that increasingly frowns on ostentatious displays of wealth. According to the report, 80% of all respondents had heard negative news about luxury car owners, which in years past have included a famous 2011 incident in which one BMW owner, son of a famous military singer, attacked a couple during a road rage episode. Of the bad publicity, 70% was related to BMW owners. The survey didn’t list similar statistics for other brands. BMW didn’t respond to requests for comment Wednesday. One hundred car owners for each of the eight brands were surveyed in selected cities across China between February and October. Respondents, of which three-quarters were male, had an average age of 33.5 years and average family income of just over 1 million yuan, or around $175,000. The survey found that Audi has the most clearly defined image of all brands, with owners seen as mature, experienced government officials. For some prospective luxury car buyers this can translate into, well, kind of boring. Audi says the days of its brand being closely associated with Chinese bureaucrats have passed and that its image has undergone a transformation toward more vitality. Of the leading three German brands that dominate China’s market, the self-image of those who drive Daimler’s Mercedes-Benz aligns very closely with how drivers of other luxury cars perceive them—namely, as successful, cultured entrepreneurs. For what it’s worth, Mercedes drivers also had the highest income among participants. The image of more recent entrants into China’s luxury car market is also becoming more defined. Jaguar Land Rover’s sport-utility drivers are seen as young showoffs with new money, the survey found. Land Rover owners had the lowest level of education among survey participants. JLR said Land Rover caters to a broad range of customers in China with diverse backgrounds. General Motor’s Cadillac drivers were seen as mature and successful (so much for that young, trendy image GM has been spending heavily to cultivate for the brand—from hiring actor Brad Pitt for advertising campaigns to hosting glamorous launch parties on Shanghai’s iconic Bund and sponsoring funky art installations.) Infiniti drivers were seen as glitzy, glamorous movie-star types whom China Real Time reckons probably need to wait tables by day–Infiniti owners had the lowest income among those surveyed. Infiniti said it targets young-minded premium customers. As for Volvo? Drivers of the Chinese-owned Swedish brand are seen as—yawn–highly educated, valuable members of society who are family-oriented and morally upright. –Rose Yu and Colum Murphy Note: This item has been updated to reflect comment from Jaguar Land Rover. _____________________________________ Also popular on China Real Time now: China’s Over-Reliance on Guaranteed Loans, in 3 Charts As China Cracks Down on Illegal Videos, Lovers of Foreign TV Mourn |||||A postman has been jailed for stealing hundreds of packages containing valuables and then making £15,500 by selling them online. Andrew Barratt, 49, took an estimated 400 items such as satnavs, digital cameras and computer games which his wife Michelle, 38, then auctioned on eBay. Their scam was foiled in April 2012 when Royal Mail investigators posted an iPad with a tracking device. It failed to arrive and was followed to their home in Stockport. Andrew Barratt, 49, was jailed for 15 months while his wife Michelle (left) was given 120 hours' unpaid work . Barratt, a postman for 14 years, was arrested in his uniform and has now been sacked. He was jailed for 15 months after admitting theft and converting criminal property. His wife was given 120 hours' unpaid work after pleading guilty to converting criminal property. At Minshull Street Crown Court, Manchester, Judge Leslie Hull said they had run 'a thoroughly dishonest scheme'. Barratt was arrested in his uniform and has now been sacked from his position as a postman at Royal Mail . Most of the items had been sent out by Amazon – which had reported around 2,000 lost packages in the postcodes where Barratt worked. An eBay account under the name 'ShellB76' run by Mrs Barratt was found to have sold 463 items – most of them electrical goods – since June 2010. Their retail value was almost £21,000. Two of the items – a camcorder and a Sony Walkman – had been reported stolen to police. She told detectives she had bought the items at car boot sales, despite the fact many of the sales were computer games which had been released just days earlier. The couple eventually pleaded guilty on the day of their trial. Defending Mr Barratt, Milena Bennett said he had stolen the goods while 'self-medicating' psoriasis with cannabis and amphetamines. A Royal Mail spokesman confirmed Barratt was sacked and said they seek to prosecute any members of staff who tampers with mail. He said: 'Royal Mail has a zero tolerance approach to any dishonesty and that stance is shared by the overwhelming majority of postmen and women. 'We will not allow the actions of any individual to damage the good reputation of our thousands of hard-working postmen and women. 'It is a criminal offence to tamper with or delay the delivery of mail and anyone caught doing so will face serious disciplinary measures. 'Royal Mail will always seek to prosecute the tiny minority of people who abuse their position of trust.'After heavy defeats in the opening two contests, the Cavaliers now trail 2-1 in the best-of-seven series. Kyrie Irving added 30 points for the home team, with Steph Curry only claiming 19 for Golden State. "We weren't ready to play," said Warriors coach Steve Kerr. "They just punched us right in the mouth." James added: "My team-mates got me going. They told me to be aggressive - and that's what I was." Cleveland were beaten by Golden State in last year's Finals. Game four is also in Cleveland on Friday.(CNN) -- Spanish La Liga side Malaga have continued their recruitment drive with the purchases of French midfielder Jeremy Toulalan from Lyon and experienced Dutch central defender Joris Mathijsen from Hamburg. The 27-year-old Toulalan, who represented France at both Euro 2008 and the 2010 World Cup finals, has agreed a four-year contract and will be presented by the club at the end of June. He joined Lyon from Nantes in 2006 for $10.5 million, and is a regular for his country -- winning 36 international caps. German striking legend Klose completes move to Lazio . Meanwhile, Mathijsen, 31, spent five successful seasons at Hamburg and has won 72 caps for the Netherlands, playing in last year's World Cup final defeat by Spain. Malaga are owned by Qatari billionaire Sheikh Abdullah Al Thani, who has invested a lot of money into the squad, since purchasing the club in June 2010. They flirted with relegation last season before finishing 11th in the table and coach Manuel Pellegrini has brought in the likes of Ruud van Nistelrooy, Julio Baptista, Enzo Maresca and Martin Demichelis over the past year to launch a challenge for a Europa League place this season. Meanwhile, Premier League side Newcastle have made their second summer signing with the capture of Senegalese striker Demba Ba from relegated West Ham. Ba, 26, had a clause in his contract which allowed him to move on if West ham were relegated, and he joins French midfielder Yohan Cabaye in arriving at St James' Park. The signing makes some amends for Newcastle, who this week lost club captain Kevin Nolan, ironically to West Ham. The 28-year-old Nolan, the highest scoring midfielder in the Premier League last season with 12 goals, signed a five-year deal with the London side to be reunited once again with his former manager at Bolton, Sam Allardyce.By . Bianca London for MailOnline . Mollie King landed herself a modelling contract earlier this year - and it seems that another member of The Saturdays is giving her a run for her money. Vanessa White, known as the 'party girl' of the pop group, has been snapped up by Select Model Management, where she joins their Women’s Special Talent division. Vanessa, 24, will be joining a roster of top UK faces including Agyness Deyn and Sienna Miller, as well as talents such as Laura Whitmore, Millie Macintosh and Tom Odell. Scroll down for video . Looking good! Vanessa White, who found fame with The Saturdays, has been snapped up by Select Model Management, where she joins their Women's Special Talent division . Select is proud to welcome Vanessa to their agency with a representative saying: 'We love her unique personal style and presence, as do her fans. 'At Select Model Management we choose to work with influencers who have a strong and confident image and Vanessa's style and infectious personality work perfectly for us. We know she has great things ahead of her.' Vanessa rose to fame in 2008 as part of the The Saturdays, signed to Fascination and Polydor Records. As one of the youngest of the group, Vanessa became the only member to sing a solo in every song of their debut album, Chasing Lights. Happy to have her: The agency, who has Sienna Miller on its books, says they are proud to welcome Vanessa because they love her unique personal style and presence . Finding fame: Vanessa rose to immediate fame in 2008 as part of the The Saturdays, signed to Fascination and Polydor Records, is known as the party girl of the group . 'She has an exotic look, a powerful voice and a determined motivation to succeed,' say her agency. Vanessa added: 'I am so excited to have signed with Select Model Management. I have always adored fashion and I can't believe I am now on the books of one of the biggest and most respected modelling agencies in the country. 'I feel so lucky to be amongst other great talent.' Love her look: The agency say that the 24-year-old has an exotic look, a powerful voice and a determined motivation to succeed . Vanessa is currently dating Gary Salter, who she has been with for over two years and they attended Frankie Sandford's wedding together at Woburn Abbey in Bedfordshire on Saturday. The Saturdays recently announced their ‘Greatest Hits Live!’ 2014 Tour, to support their Greatest Hits collection. With performances from September 7-23 nationwide, the girls will no doubt wow their fans with a re-cap of their most successful pop moments. Girl group: Frankie Sandford, Una Healy, Rochelle Wiseman, Vanessa White and Mollie King of The Saturdays recently announced their ‘Greatest Hits Live!’ 2014 Tour, to support their Greatest Hits collection . Where it all began: The five piece group started on their journey in 2009 and have since become one of the most successful girl groups of the decade .Whether it's being used as a swanky party venue, floating showroom or private vessel, the Xhibitionist is certainly a boat designed to turn heads. The 75 metre long vessel is an extravagant, multipurpose yacht which even comes with its own supercar. Designed by Swedish-based car designer Eduard Gray, the slick ship's interior is decked out in Art Nouveau decor, with classic touches like a Steinway piano, a dual staircase, and fine crystal Baccarat lighting. But you'll need Bruce Wayne's bank account if you want to buy one. The lead-in price is 2 million euros (£16million) for a 'basic' model. Keeping with its automotive theme, the Xhibitionist has space for a car showroom and 'engine room', complete with exposed engines displayed behind glass walls. Solar panels fold out from under a sleek car-hood-like deck to power the ship, and the panels double up as a concert space or helipad with space for three helicopters. The fly deck even features a Jacuzzi, and by night, the superyacht glows in the dark thanks to oceanLED lighting. As for the Xhibitionist's price? 'As far as investments go, the 75 m luxury yacht Xhibitionist concept resembles more of a real estate and marketing venture than a yacht.' If you have to ask, you know you can't afford it. Scroll down for video . Is it a boat, is it a car? No, it's a megayacht. The supercar designer's megaboat costs more than £16 million . The 229ft-wide Xhibitionist is an extravagant, multipurpose yacht designed by Swedish supercar designer Eduard Gray . Holy moley! A good sized helipad on deck ensures A-listers can be flown in if needed . Shiny shiny: Believe it or not this is actually the inside of the boat. It feels as large as an airplane hangar, but with an Art Nouvea vibe . Can we make it a car showroom? Apparently so, this boat is big enough to take an entire fleet of Bentleys . Opulence: Sofa space for chilling out, tick. But where's the television? And where better to chill out and watch the sunset than atop the deck... hang on, is that a band playing up there? It may look like a deep sea creature from the abyssal plains but this is just the megayacht with its lights on after dark . And of course every megayacht needs a megacar for those all important onshore errands. Right, have we run out of champagne again? Slimline: Solar panels fold out from under a sleek car-bonnet-like deck to power the ship . And so to bed: By night, the superyacht glows in the dark thanks to oceanLED lighting .(CNN) -- NASA says its latest Mars-exploring spacecraft is on track to fire up its thrusters and enter orbit this Sunday night, completing a 10-month journey of 442 million miles. NASA's MAVEN craft will live up to its formal name -- the Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution craft -- by helping scientists figure out how ancient Mars changed so dramatically into the planet we know today. It will be the first mission devoted to studying the upper Martian atmosphere as a key to understanding the history of Mars' climate, water and habitability. Mars rover reaches key destination; 'new science ahead!' "The evidence shows that the Mars atmosphere today is a cold, dry environment, one where liquid water really can't exist in a stable state," said Bruce Jakosky, MAVEN principal investigator, during a mission preview briefing Wednesday at NASA headquarters in Washington. "But it also tells us when we look at older surfaces, that the ancient surfaces had liquid water flowing over it." So where did the planet's water and carbon dioxide go? Jakosky said MAVEN will help unravel that mystery by using its scientific instruments to measure the composition and escape of gases in the Martian atmosphere. MAVEN will study the top of the atmosphere to determine the extent to which losing gas to space might have been the driving mechanism behind climate change, Jakosky said. Before MAVEN can begin its year of exploration, it has to be inserted into orbit around Mars. That is set to happen at about 10 p.m. ET September 21. The craft's six thruster engines will fire and burn for 33 minutes to slow the spacecraft down so it can get pulled into orbit around Mars. MAVEN will have company out near Mars, manmade and otherwise. India's first mission to the Red Planet, the Mars Orbiter Mission, is set to arrive a few days after MAVEN does. The director of NASA's Planetary Science Division, Jim Green, says the United States and India are interested in cooperating as their crafts gather data about the planet. There's a visitor of the cosmic kind, too. Comet Sliding Spring, which was discovered last year, will be closest to Mars about four weeks after MAVEN arrives. The comet is going to miss Mars by about 81,000 miles, said Jakosky. "I'm told that the odds of having an approach that close to Mars are about one-in-a-million years," he said, adding that dust from the comet carries only a "relatively minimal" risk to the spacecraft. MAVEN will take advantage of the rare flyby by observing the comet itself, as well as its effect on the Martian atmosphere. Interactive: Exploring Mars from Viking to MAVEN .The track sold 117,000 copies, some 40,000 more than its closest rival, Avicii's Wake Me Up, according to the Official Charts Company. Lady Gaga's Applause was the second highest new entry at five. It was released midweek after leaking online. Last week's number one, Miley Cyrus's We Can't Stop, fell two places to number three. Goulding's previous highest charting single was her cover of Elton John's Your Song, which peaked at two in 2010. Burn features on the deluxe edition of the 26-year-old's album Halcyon, which also climbed seven places in the album chart to 19. "It means the world to me to be number one at the moment," the singer told the chart compiler. "It was always my dream to have a UK number one single and it's been a long time coming." See the UK Top 40 singles chart See the UK Top 40 albums chart BBC Radio 1's Official Chart Show Elsewhere in the singles chart, there were four new entries in the top 20. Arctic Monkeys' Why'd You Call Me When You're High - taken from their new album, AM, which is released next month - was at eight, while The Wanted achieved their ninth top 10 hit with We Own the Night at 10. Ray Foxx's Boom Boom also entered the chart at 12. In the album chart, Britain's Got Talent duo Richard and Adam Johnson held on to the top spot for a third consecutive week with their debut record, The Impossible Dream. The brothers' album of classical renditions of standards such as The Power of Love and Unchained Melody is now tied with Justin Timberlake's The 20/20 Experience for the most consecutive weeks at number one this year so far. Rudimental climbed five places to two on the chart, while Imagine Dragons remained at three. White Lies had the highest new entry at four with Big TV, with Passenger's All The Little Lights rounding out the top five.By . David Mccormack . A photograph of a young mother breastfeeding at her recent graduation ceremony has provoked a storm of online debate and once again brought the contentious issue to the fore. Despite getting pregnant in her last year at college, Karlesha Thurman, 25, stayed in school and completed her accounting degree. At her graduation from Long Beach State University in California last month, she brought along her three-month-old daughter Aaliyah. A photo of Karlesha Thurman, 25, breastfeeding at her graduation from Long Beach State University in California last month has provoked a storm of online debate and once again brought the contentious issue to the fore . After the ceremony, Karlesha was proudly showing off her daughter to friends when Aaliyah became hungry. Still dressed in her cap and gown, Karlesha decided to feed her baby and a friend, who thought it cool, asked if they could take a picture. A couple of days ago she posted the photo on the Facebook page, Black Women Do Breastfeed, to support a woman who wrote of getting dirty looks while nursing in public. ‘I did it to show it’s natural, it’s normal, there’s nothing wrong with it,’ Karlesha told Today. Despite getting pregnant in her last year at college, Karlesha Thurman, 25, remained in school and secured an accounting degree, she graduated from Long Beach State University in California last month . Karlesha posted the photo on the Facebook page, Black Women Do Breastfeed, to support a woman who wrote of getting dirty looks while nursing in public . 'It’s not disgusting, it’s not a bad thing, it’s not a negative thing. It’s the best thing for my daughter. More people should do it,' she added. Though Karlesha has since deleted her photo, the Facebook group decided to share the photo as part of their efforts to try and normalize breast-feeding in public. ‘Congratulations, mama!!!! Giving her daughter more gifts than one! Isn't this beautiful?! #normalizebreastfeeding,’ read the caption. As the photo spread, the Facebook page – and Karlesha - received a lot of support. 'Congratulations to the mom for graduating & putting your baby 1st,' Michelle Spruill wrote on the group’s Facebook page. Karlesha brought along her three-month-old daughter Aaliyah to her graduation last month . 'I breast-fed all 3 of my babies. I didn't let my babies starve because of how it would make someone else feel. Good job!' As well as support, the photo also drew some negative comments as well. Some people though it was inappropriate and that she should have covered up. 'Maybe I still have sleep in my eyes but did U just see a pic of a chick really breastfeeding during middle of her graduation?' tweeted Moderate. Karlesha, however, has no regrets. ‘I was proud of the fact that not only did I graduate but that I got to share the moment with the one person who is the most important to me and that is my daughter,’ she told Today.Former deputy prime minister John Prescott said Mr Paisley sr's phone was bugged in his Sunday Mirror column. He said he was told of the tap on the former DUP leader's phone by then prime minister Tony Blair in 2005. Former Labour MP Kim Howells has called on Lord Prescott to clarify when, exactly, the alleged tapping happened. North Antrim MP Ian Paisley jr said his father would always have been careful when speaking on the phone. "It would have been something that he would have been aware of, because people would have said to him 'be careful with your phone, it's being listened to'," he told BBC NI's Sunday News programme. "Finding out who was listening to it is, of course, a different matter, but the suspicion was always there that it was the security services. "For MI5 or MI6 to be engaged in doing that at the behest of the British prime minister is frankly wrong and now that it's been confirmed by John Prescott, the number two in the government, I think that his government needs to be held to account." He added: "I certainly intend, by way of a point of order, to raise this in parliament on the 18th of April, when parliament reconvenes - I'm not going to let this rest." Mr Paisley sr, who went on to become first minister of Northern Ireland, died in 2014. Prime Minister Harold Wilson introduced the Wilson Doctrine in 1966, which ruled that MPs' communications must not be intercepted by the police and security Â­services. If an MP was tapped, the prime minister would have to tell parliament. Writing in his Sunday Mirror column, Mr Prescott said: "In 2005, when I was deputy PM, I was told by Tony Blair an MP had been tapped in the past without parliament being told. "I asked him who it was and he told me the MP was the Rev Ian Paisley. "Downing Street had been told by the interception of communications commissioner, who wanted to name Paisley. "Tony asked me to discuss the Wilson Doctrine with the speaker of the House of Commons. "I never told him (the speaker) that an MP had been tapped or that it was Paisley." Mr Prescott declined to be interviewed by the BBC. Former Labour MP Kim Howells who was chair of the Intelligence and Security Committee at Westminster from Autumn 2008 until his retirement in 2010, told the BBC's Good Morning Ulster that questions needed to be asked and, if necessary, these should be put to whoever was prime minister at the time of the alleged tapping. "I'm not surprised that Ian Paisley wants to know the truth. The country needs the truth as well," Mr Howells said. "If it is true that phone tapping was going on, then Parliament should have been informed about it." Mr Howells said phone tapping is allowed if the person who is being watched or listened to is considered to be a threat to national security. I'm not aware that Rev Ian Paisley - I assume in the 2000s - was regarded as a threat to national security." He said Lord Prescott should make things clear. "If there isn't a clear answer very quickly, then there ought to be questions posed to whom ever was the person responsible for doing this at the time and that would be a prime minister. "Rev Ian Paisley was a prominent figure in British politics. I think the prime minister would have to say yes his phone was tapped or no his phone wasn't. "This is about trust in the end between the elected government, the executive and the intelligence services. "The intelligence services don't want to be branded by these conspiracy theory lunatics as some kind of shady alternative government. "They operate within the law and they will want to be quite clear to all MPs now and to those who served in the past that they weren't objects of surveillance and they weren't being spied upon throughout their political careers."By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 13:11 EST, 7 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 18:29 EST, 7 February 2014 . A newborn who vanished from a southern Wisconsin home was found alive in a tote bag this morning at a gas station in eastern Iowa. Town of Beloit Police Chief Steven Kopp says the nearly week-old Kayden Powell was discovered by the police chief of West Branch, Iowa, checking along Interstate 80 at around 10.15am Friday. FBI acting special agent G.B. Jones said at a news conference the chief heard the infant crying and discovered the child swaddled in blankets and placed in a tote bag outside a gas station. Scroll down for video . Safe and sound: Six-day-old Kayden Powell is pictured here Friday after he was found alive in West Branch, Iowa, swaddled in blankets and placed . inside a tote bag against the cold . Missing: Kayden Powell, now six days old, . disappeared from his bassinet in the early hours of Thursday at a home . in Beloit, Wisconsin . Birth: Brianna Marshall, 18, gave birth Kayden at Beloit Hospital while his father, Bruce Powell, 23, was present . Authorities say baby Kayden appears to be in 'excellent health' despite the frigid temperatures. 'Our efforts are clearly focused on reuniting mother and child and the rest of the family members with the child. That's the immediate focus. In fact we're taking steps right now to make sure that happens,' Jones said. Person of interest: Police in Iowa arrested . Kristin Smith, who is believed to be a stepsister of the baby's mother, . on unrelated fraud charges . Federal, . state and local law enforcement officers had been looking for the baby . since early Thursday when his mother, 18-year-old Brianna Marshall, . discovered him missing from a bassinet in a Town of Beloit home. Officers have arrested 'person of . interest' Kristen Smith, who is believed to be a stepsister of Miss . Marshall, several hours later in the neighboring state of Iowa. The . woman is no longer considered as suspect in the case but is being held . on separate fraud charges. Authorities questioned a number of people, including Miss Powell, 18, Kayden's . father Bruce Powell, 23, Miss Powell's brother and Kayden's great-grandmother - all of whom who were in the house . when the baby was discovered missing early Thursday morning. Miss Marshall and Mr Powell, were . sleeping in the same room as their son when they discovered he was missing at about 4.30am. Right place, right time: Authorities gather at a gas station in West Branch, Iowa, where a missing newborn was found alive Friday when the local police chief heard a baby crying . Search: Forty officers from law enforcement agencies have now joined in the search for missing Kayden . Parents: Miss Marshall, pictured with Mr Powell, discovered her newborn baby had vanished from their home in the Town of Beloit, Wisconsin, at 4.30am. The couple had been sleeping in the same room as their son, Kayden . Miss Marshall then raised the alarm by calling 911, said Chief Kopp. Police said there were no signs of forced entry at the house. A 'person of interest' - believed to be a stepsister of Miss Marshall - was . arrested Thursday afternoon in Iowa on a warrant issued out of Texas, but police have . since said she is not a suspect in the child's disappearance. Kristin . Smith was arrested in West Branch on fraud charges after a warrant was . put out for her arrest in Texas. Arrest: 'Person of interest' Kristin Smith was arrested in West Branch, Iowa on separate fraud charges on Thursday. She is no longer considered a person of interest in the missing baby case . Scene: Baby Kayden was snatched from his crib at this Wisconsin home yesterday morning. Police say there were no signs of forced entry at the house, which is currently being processed as a crime scene . She claims to be Miss Marshall's half-sister, with the women sharing the . same father. The women had reportedly discussed moving to Colorado, . along with Mr Powell, after the baby was born. Alert: Miss Marshall called 911 after awaking at 4.30am and finding her newborn son was missing . Chief . Kopp confirmed that Smith left the home around 1.30am Thursday - before Miss Marshall reported that Kayden was missing. Kopp said that Smith was visiting the home on Wednesday evening but left early on Thursday for Colorado where she lives. Police were able to reach the woman on her cellphone and she pulled off the highway in Iowa. Authorities took the woman into custody on an unrelated outstanding warrant from Texas. West Branch, Iowa, is 170miles from Beloit - roughly a two-and-a-half-hour drive away. The . homeowner of the property where Kayden and his parents were staying is listed as . 46-year-old Mark Bennett, who has a history of arrests for battery and . criminal misdemeanors. Chief Kopp says the incident is not . believed to be a custody dispute - adding that an Amber Alert was not . issued because the disappearance doesn't meet the criteria. An Amber Alert is only issued if the child is at risk of serious injury . or death and there is sufficient descriptive information of the child, . captor or captor's vehicle. Kayden was born at Beloit Memorial Hospital six days ago. The Town of Beloit, home to about 7,700 people, is about 50 miles south of Madison near the Illinois border.It means £1.3m of planned cuts will be avoided but other savings will be made. These include £500,000 by changing the council's policy on sickness absence and a further £500,000 in schools energy incentives. A Liberal Democrats proposal to save money by cutting the pay of senior councillors was defeated. SNP councillors had said they would oppose any cuts in funding to services supporting vulnerable people. The ruling group, made up of independent councillors had proposed cuts in funding for deprived areas, street cleansing, homeless support, women's aid groups and the Blas Music Festival. They said the savings had been forced on the authority, in part because of the council tax freeze. Earlier this month, all 32 local authorities in Scotland accepted the Scottish government's funding deal worth £10.3bn. Many did so reluctantly, claiming the continued council tax freeze would lead to severe pressure on budgets. Highland Council's leader Margaret Davidson said not being able to raise funds from a tax increase would result in job cuts and some services being axed. Bill Fernie, the council's budget leader, said the local authority had to deal with "unprecedented challenges" in setting a balanced budget.Reverend Barry Trayhorn told an employment tribunal he had read the verses at HMP Littlehey in Cambridgeshire in 2014. He was told complaints were made by gay prisoners and alleges he was unfairly dismissed. His case against the secretary of state for justice continues. Mr Trayhorn, 51, an ordained Pentecostal Christian minister from Sandy in Bedfordshire, had been working as a gardening supervisor at the prison at Perry near St Neots. He had been invited to lead the worship at services once a week from 2012. He told the tribunal in Bedford, he "often focused on Christian teachings about sin and repentance". He confirmed the Bible passage in question was 1 Corinthians Chapter 6 Verses 9-11 which includes the lines "neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor homosexuals, nor sodomites, nor thieves, nor coveters, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners will inherit the Kingdom of God" and he read it on 31 May 2014. Mr Trayhorn said he heard later that a gay prisoner had complained or was upset and there was "some sort of campaign" to remove him from chapel services. "But I fear and do not believe it is right to alter the Christian faith so as to tailor it to any modern view of sexual ethics," he told the hearing. He said he was told he could no longer volunteer at chapel services, complaints were then also made about his gardening work and he was told to attend a disciplinary hearing in a letter which said he had made a "homophobic statement". He was signed off work in August 2014 with stress and resigned in November saying he had been harassed because of his Christian faith and it was impossible for him to return to work.Ireland started with purpose but went behind when Antonio Cassano headed in a near post Andrea Pirlo corner. An equaliser would have knocked Italy out and their keeper Gianluigi Buffon smartly saved a Keith Andrews strike. "I hope there are no dramatic changes for the 2014 World Cup qualifying campaign, because you have to remember what a brilliant achievement it was for us to get here in the first place. "But my fear is what could happen to Giovanni Trapattoni. "His team has not had the best of tournaments, and if we do not start out well on the road to the next World Cup in Brazil then I fear that people might turn on him." I fear for Trapattoni, says Kevin Kilbane Andrews was sent off for a second booking before Mario Balotelli volleyed in to settle Italian nerves. Italy still had to endure a few more anxious moments as a Croatia equaliser against Spain in the other Group C game would have meant they were out of the tournament. But Spain won and Italy will now play the winner of Group D, which includes England. Ireland put in a more solid performance than in their two previous defeats, although it might not be enough to stop some of their old guard calling time on their international careers, and Shay Given, Robbie Keane, Damien Duff and Richard Dunne will all be left to mull over their futures. The Irish had beaten Italy 18 years ago to the day at the 1994 World Cup but despite starting with pace and pressuring their opponents, they suffered from some poor decision making in the final third. Italy weathered the Republic's early enthusiasm before gradually pinning their opponents back and being rewarded for their perseverance. The opener came after some costly mistakes by Ireland, which started with Glenn Whelan giving the ball away to Italy midfielder Andrea Pirlo. Pirlo released Antonio Di Natale and he skipped over keeper Given but saw his effort from an acute angle cleared off the line by Sean St Ledger. Ireland escaped this time but Given, so unusually uncertain at Euro 2012, quickly spilled a long range Cassano strike and the Azzurri seized on the error. Cassano got his head to a near post Pirlo corner and although Given got a touch, the ball had already crossed the line before Duff - captain on his 100th Republic appearance - cleared. The goal knocked the wind out of Ireland's sails and Given had to save a Di Natale shot as Italy threatened to overwhelm Giovanni Trapattoni's deflated side. To their credit, the Republic regrouped and caused Italy some anxious moments, although only a powerful 25-yard shot from Andrews called Buffon into any serious action. Andrews, already booked in the first half, was sent off after picking up a second yellow card. He then furiously kicked out at the ball on his way off as he epitomised the frustrations of so many in the Ireland camp after a tournament in which they were comprehensively outplayed. And Ireland's misery was compounded when Balotelli, side on to goal and with a defender in close attendance, volleyed in from a late corner. Full Time The final whistle goes and the game is over. Outswinging corner taken by Andrea Pirlo from the right by-line. Mario Balotelli has an effort at goal. Blocked by Stephen Ward. Outswinging corner taken by Andrea Pirlo, Alessandro Diamanti takes a shot. Richard Dunne gets a block in. Free kick awarded for a foul by Ignazio Abate on Damien Duff. Damien Duff crosses the ball in from the free kick, save made by Gianluigi Buffon. Corner taken by Andrea Pirlo. Alessandro Diamanti provided the assist for the goal. Goal! - Mario Balotelli - Italy 2 - 0 R Ireland Mario Balotelli gets on the score sheet with a goal from inside the box to the top left corner of the goal. Italy 2-0 Rep of Ireland. Inswinging corner taken from the right by-line by Alessandro Diamanti, Daniele De Rossi restarts play with the free kick. Dismissal Keith Andrews sent off. Foul by Keith Andrews on Daniele De Rossi, free kick awarded. Mario Balotelli takes a shot. Shay Given makes a comfortable save. The assistant referee flags for offside against Jonathan Walters. Gianluigi Buffon takes the free kick. Substitution Simon Cox is brought on as a substitute for Robbie Keane. Leonardo Bonucci produces a right-footed shot from just outside the area that goes harmlessly over the target. Direct strike on goal from the free kick comes in from Alessandro Diamanti. Booking Sean St. Ledger is cautioned by the ref for dissent. Free kick awarded for a foul by Keith Andrews on Mario Balotelli. Damien Duff gives away a free kick for an unfair challenge on Alessandro Diamanti. Direct free kick taken by Ignazio Abate. Robbie Keane is flagged offside by the assistant referee. Andrea Barzagli restarts play with the free kick. Foul by Jonathan Walters on Federico Balzaretti, free kick awarded. Gianluigi Buffon takes the free kick. The ball is crossed by Stephen Ward, Headed effort from deep inside the penalty area by Jonathan Walters misses to the right of the target. The assistant referee flags for offside against Robbie Keane. Free kick taken by Gianluigi Buffon. Jonathan Walters fouled by Alessandro Diamanti, the ref awards a free kick. Direct free kick taken by Damien Duff. Keith Andrews has an effort at goal from 25 yards. Save by Gianluigi Buffon. Free kick awarded for an unfair challenge on Mario Balotelli by John O'Shea. Free kick taken by Andrea Pirlo. Unfair challenge on Stephen Ward by Alessandro Diamanti results in a free kick. Stephen Ward takes the free kick. Substitution Kevin Doyle goes off and Jonathan Walters comes on. Outswinging corner taken by Damien Duff from the left by-line. Damien Duff sends in a cross, Unfair challenge on Gianluigi Buffon by Richard Dunne results in a free kick. Gianluigi Buffon restarts play with the free kick. Substitution Mario Balotelli on for Antonio Di Natale. Booking Gianluigi Buffon goes into the book. Richard Dunne fouled by Santos Thiago Motta, the ref awards a free kick. Free kick crossed by Damien Duff. Free kick crossed right-footed by Glenn Whelan, Ignazio Abate makes a clearance. Booking Booking for Daniele De Rossi for unsporting behaviour. Daniele De Rossi concedes a free kick for a foul on Kevin Doyle. Daniele De Rossi fouled by Shane Long, the ref awards a free kick. Gianluigi Buffon takes the direct free kick. Ignazio Abate challenges Robbie Keane unfairly and gives away a free kick. Stephen Ward takes the direct free kick. Daniele De Rossi produces a cross, clearance made by Richard Dunne. A cross is delivered by Ignazio Abate, Stephen Ward gets a block in. John O'Shea challenges Alessandro Diamanti unfairly and gives away a free kick. Andrea Pirlo shoots direct from the free kick. Shane Long concedes a free kick for a foul on Andrea Pirlo. Andrea Pirlo restarts play with the free kick. Richard Dunne is ruled offside. Indirect free kick taken by Gianluigi Buffon. Corner from the right by-line taken by Damien Duff, Andrea Barzagli makes a clearance. Alessandro Diamanti takes a shot. Shay Given makes a comfortable save. Corner taken by Damien Duff from the left by-line. Substitution Shane Long replaces Aiden McGeady. Effort from 25 yards by Keith Andrews. Daniele De Rossi gets a block in. The offside flag is raised against Antonio Di Natale. Free kick taken by Sean St. Ledger. Kevin Doyle takes a shot. Save by Gianluigi Buffon. Alessandro Diamanti concedes a free kick for a foul on Glenn Whelan. John O'Shea takes the free kick. Substitution Alessandro Diamanti is brought on as a substitute for Antonio Cassano. Federico Balzaretti fouled by John O'Shea, the ref awards a free kick. Andrea Pirlo crosses the ball from the free kick right-footed from left by-line. Keith Andrews has a volleyed shot. Comfortable save by Gianluigi Buffon. Unfair challenge on Santos Thiago Motta by Glenn Whelan results in a free kick. Santos Thiago Motta takes the direct free kick. Kevin Doyle challenges Daniele De Rossi unfairly and gives away a free kick. Free kick taken by Santos Thiago Motta. Claudio Marchisio has an effort at goal from just outside the box which goes wide of the left-hand upright. Foul by Damien Duff on Daniele De Rossi, free kick awarded. Direct free kick taken by Daniele De Rossi. Foul by Richard Dunne on Antonio Cassano, free kick awarded. Free kick taken by Federico Balzaretti. Substitution Leonardo Bonucci is brought on as a substitute for Giorgio Chiellini. Shot by Antonio Di Natale. Save by Shay Given. Aiden McGeady sends in a cross, Robbie Keane takes a shot. Blocked by Giorgio Chiellini. Outswinging corner taken by Damien Duff, Header by Richard Dunne from deep inside the penalty area misses to the right of the target. Free kick awarded for a foul by Claudio Marchisio on Damien Duff. Stephen Ward takes the free kick. Shot by Daniele De Rossi from outside the box goes over the net. A cross is delivered by John O'Shea, Effort on goal by Kevin Doyle from just inside the area clears the crossbar. Antonio Cassano takes a shot. Blocked by Richard Dunne. Effort from just outside the box by Federico Balzaretti goes over the bar. The ball is crossed by Andrea Pirlo, clearance made by Glenn Whelan. Corner taken right-footed by Andrea Pirlo from the left by-line to the near post, Sean St. Ledger manages to make a clearance. Federico Balzaretti produces a cross, Antonio Di Natale has a drilled shot. Richard Dunne gets a block in. The referee blows his whistle to start the second half. Half Time It is the end of the first-half. Giorgio Chiellini challenges Kevin Doyle unfairly and gives away a free kick. Keith Andrews restarts play with the free kick. Inswinging corner taken by Andrea Pirlo. Daniele De Rossi has an effort at goal. Blocked by Richard Dunne. The assistant referee signals for offside against Robbie Keane. Giorgio Chiellini takes the indirect free kick. Free kick awarded for a foul by Keith Andrews on Santos Thiago Motta. Gianluigi Buffon takes the direct free kick. Unfair challenge on Aiden McGeady by Antonio Cassano results in a free kick. Shay Given restarts play with the free kick. The ball is sent over by Antonio Cassano. Andrea Pirlo restarts play with the free kick. Booking John O'Shea is given a yellow card. Free kick awarded for an unfair challenge on Federico Balzaretti by John O'Shea. Andrea Pirlo shoots direct from the free kick. Booking Keith Andrews receives a yellow card. Keith Andrews challenges Andrea Pirlo unfairly and gives away a free kick. The assist for the goal came from Andrea Pirlo. Goal! - Antonio Cassano - Italy 1 - 0 R Ireland Antonio Cassano grabs a headed goal from inside the six-yard box. Italy 1-0 Rep of Ireland. Corner taken right-footed by Andrea Pirlo, Shot by Antonio Cassano. Save by Shay Given. Antonio Di Natale has an effort at goal. Clearance by Sean St. Ledger. The ball is crossed by Ignazio Abate, Antonio Di Natale takes a shot. Blocked by Sean St. Ledger. The assistant referee flags for offside against Federico Balzaretti. Shay Given takes the free kick. Shot by Antonio Di Natale. Sean St. Ledger gets a block in. Kevin Doyle challenges Andrea Barzagli unfairly and gives away a free kick. Free kick taken by Andrea Barzagli. Direct free kick taken by Shay Given. Booking The referee books Federico Balzaretti for unsporting behaviour. Aiden McGeady fouled by Federico Balzaretti, the ref awards a free kick. The ball is crossed by Antonio Cassano, Shot from 12 yards by Antonio Di Natale. Blocked by Sean St. Ledger. Claudio Marchisio concedes a free kick for a foul on Damien Duff. Damien Duff delivers the ball from the free kick left-footed from left wing, free kick awarded for an unfair challenge on Giorgio Chiellini by Sean St. Ledger. Direct free kick taken by Gianluigi Buffon. Free kick awarded for a foul by Andrea Barzagli on Robbie Keane. Sean St. Ledger takes the direct free kick. The ball is delivered by Damien Duff, Header by Sean St. Ledger from deep inside the penalty area misses to the left of the target. Damien Duff decides to take the corner short. Aiden McGeady delivers the ball. Aiden McGeady is ruled offside. Direct free kick taken by Andrea Pirlo. Kevin Doyle fouled by Giorgio Chiellini, the ref awards a free kick. Aiden McGeady crosses the ball in from the free kick, free kick awarded for a foul by Richard Dunne on Andrea Barzagli. Gianluigi Buffon restarts play with the free kick. Shot from just outside the box by Federico Balzaretti goes over the bar. Corner taken short by Andrea Pirlo. The ball is delivered by Antonio Cassano, Sean St. Ledger makes a clearance. The assistant referee signals for offside against Aiden McGeady. Daniele De Rossi takes the free kick. Federico Balzaretti fouled by Robbie Keane, the ref awards a free kick. Federico Balzaretti restarts play with the free kick. Corner taken by Andrea Pirlo from the left by-line played to the near post, clearance made by Aiden McGeady. Corner taken right-footed by Andrea Pirlo, Richard Dunne manages to make a clearance. The ball is swung over by Antonio Cassano, clearance made by John O'Shea. Antonio Di Natale concedes a free kick for a foul on Keith Andrews. Shay Given takes the direct free kick. Keith Andrews challenges Andrea Pirlo unfairly and gives away a free kick. Direct free kick taken by Andrea Pirlo. A cross is delivered by Andrea Pirlo, Keith Andrews manages to make a clearance. Corner taken short by Andrea Pirlo. The ball is sent over by Federico Balzaretti, Richard Dunne manages to make a clearance. Corner taken by Andrea Pirlo. Keith Andrews gives away a free kick for an unfair challenge on Andrea Pirlo. Gianluigi Buffon restarts play with the free kick. Federico Balzaretti concedes a free kick for a foul on Damien Duff. Free kick crossed by Damien Duff. Antonio Di Natale crosses the ball, Daniele De Rossi has an effort at goal from just outside the box which goes wide of the left-hand upright. The match gets underway. Live data and text provided by our data suppliersUniversities are paying agencies millions to recruit overseas students who boost their coffers. Home students suffer as lectures are dumbed down to help those with poor English, academics say. And some institutions enrol lucrative non-EU students ‘regardless of their language skills’, it was claimed. A study by Times Higher Education (THE) found 106 universities spent £86million recruiting abroad in 2013 to 2014, or £1,767 per student – a 16.5 per cent increase on two years before. The Russell Group of top universities were some of the top spenders, with Sheffield, Glasgow and Cardiff each spending more than £6million from 2011 to 2014. Coventry spent the most, paying out £10.2million in commission and VAT to recruit 5,634 students, according to data obtained under the Freedom of Information Act. However, a university spokesman said: ‘By error the figures . . . included substantial non-agent related costs, and therefore do not represent the university’s spend.’ The University of Bedfordshire spent £9.5million and Middlesex University spent £8.8million including VAT. Giving money to recruitment agents is worthwhile for institutions because the average fee paid by a student from outside the EU last year was £11,289 – or £13,425 for laboratory-based courses. Fees for UK and EU students are capped at £9,000 a year. Liz Reisberg, formerly of the Centre for International Higher Education, at Boston College in the US, and now an independent consultant, told THE the situation was ‘staggering’. Of 158 universities that gave data, all but 19 used agents to enrol non-EU students. At the 124 institutions that gave a breakdown of admissions, there were 58,257 international students enrolled using agents in 2013-14. This month, a separate THE survey found more than a third of academics thought foreign undergraduates did not speak or write good English. One admitted to The Best University Workplace Survey that tutors ‘lower the level of classes so everyone can keep up – to the disadvantage of native speakers’. A Russell Group lecturer called the issue the sector’s ‘dirty little secret’. The average fee paid by student from outside the EU last year was £11,289 a year to study in the UK . A respondent at a university in the Midlands said it tried ‘to attract as many international students as possible regardless of their language skills.’ As the survey was anonymous, there is no suggestion the complaints came from institutions that pay agencies fees to recruit internationally. Nicola Dandridge, of Universities UK, which represents the sector, said: ‘International students are subject to numerous tests to ensure they meet high English language requirements.’ The group said official guidance puts an onus on universities to ensure agents act ‘ethically and responsibly’.The independent inspector of immigration said the Home Office must make significant improvements regarding "overstayers" - foreign nationals refused leave to stay in the country. John Vine said failure to do so could "undermine public confidence". Immigration Minister James Brokenshire said there was room for improvement. The report suggests that the amount of "overstayers" in the UK is not increasing, and instead is remaining largely static. Mr Vine said the overall size of the "migration refusal pool" - the number of foreign nationals refused leave to stay in the UK after 2008 - was 173,562 in the three months to June this year, compared with 174,057 in the same period two years earlier. The Home Office signed a contract with private outsourcing group Capita to review, and where possible, close the records of migrants who had been refused leave to stay in the UK. But Mr Vine said there had been "significant inaccuracies" in Capita's classification of migration refusal records. The inspection concluded that of a sample of 57 records 16 had wrongly recorded the foreign national as having left the UK. A Capita spokeswoman rejected claims that it had used information about passengers to the UK incorrectly and that it had incorrectly classified passport records. She also rejected "any inference that we benefited in any way" from following the processes used to record migrants' entry to and exit of the UK. In his report, Mr Vine specified that what he describes as Capita's inaccuracies meant the number of "overstayers" thought to have departed may have been overestimated by as many as 1,140 in 2013-14. Mr Vine said: "I was disappointed to find a high level of inaccuracy in the classification of migration refusal records, with more than a quarter of departures in my sample being incorrectly recorded. "Considerable improvements in the Home Office's capability to monitor, progress, and prioritise the immigration enforcement caseload will be needed to deliver its strategy for reducing the level of irregular migration." He said inspectors had also identified a further 223,000 records of foreign nationals without permission to stay in the UK, whose cases dated to before 2008. James Brokenshire said the report's recommendations would be taken forward, but changes made by the government had been having a positive impact and needed to be judged over time. "The public can have confidence on the rigour that we are attaching to this issue," he said.Vitali Klitschko has confirmed that he will defend his world heavyweight boxing title against former champion Shannon Briggs on October 16 in his adopted home city of Hamburg. The Ukrainian last put his WBC belt up for grabs in May against Albert Sosnowski in what he has said will be his last year as a professional fighter. The 39-year-old, who has successfully defended the crown four times, will face the American, 38, for the first time as he seeks to extend his 40-2 career record. "I am really happy that I will have a fight in Hamburg again, the place where I started my professional career. The o2 World is a great arena and the fans in Hamburg are real box experts and will make a perfect atmosphere," Klitschko told his website. "Shannon Briggs is not only big at talking but also big in the ring and a very tough challenger. He is more experienced than me, has more professional fights on his record and is one of the hardest punchers in the division. I will be very well prepared together with my trainer Fritz Sdunek." Briggs, nicknamed "The Cannon," has a record of 51-5 with 45 victories by knockout -- 27 in the first round. He has previously beaten former world champions George Foreman, Ray Mercer and Sergej Liakhovich. "For a long time I have been trying hard to fight a Klitschko. Most of their opponents are scared to death when they step into the ring. I will put a lot of pressure on Klitschko and take the fight to him. Klitschko can enjoy his belt for a few more weeks; after October 16 it will be mine!" Klitschko's younger brother Wladimir, the IBF, WBO and IBO champion, will face former WBC titleholder Samuel Peter of Nigeria in another Germany-based bout in Frankfurt on September 11. Britain's WBA beltholder David Haye, who both Klitschkos have accused of being scared to fight them, may next fight former Olympic champion Audley Harrison, according to promoter Barry Hearn. Hearn, whose son Eddie is involved in the talks with Haye's manager Adam Booth, said the fight would be a boost for British boxing. "In the heavyweight division, there is nothing else out there as far as British fight fans are concerned, Harrison-Haye is enormous," he told Sky Sports News. "The fantastic thing about David Haye is that he's burst on the scene and done a fantastic job against [Nikolay] Valuev, boxed the ears off [John] Ruiz and put him into retirement. He's hot. "Audley Harrison, in my opinion, is a bigger draw. People don't know what to expect from Audley Harrison, he's been talking a great fight for years, never delivered it. He's at that last-stage saloon -- every fight fan in England wants to see this fight."A mother who claimed her three-year-old daughter was killed in a hit and run incident outside their Florida home has been charged with murder. Maryann Schwartz told police her child, Yeliani, had been run over in the parking lot outside their apartment, but a medical examiner said the girl had died from blunt trauma. Yeliani was also described as being malnourished and both she and her two-year-old brother, who is now in protective custody, were covered in bruises. Arrested: Maryann Schwartz has been charged with murder over the death of her three-year-old daughter . Claims: Schwartz, pictured left in court, told police her daughter was run over and killed by an unknown vehicle . Schwartz had been arrested on Wednesday over child abuse charges relating to her son, but the first-degree murder charge in connection with Yeliani's death was added late last night. The 22-year-old had told police she didn't see her daughter get run over, but claimed that Yeliani had been hit by a vehicle at about 9.30pm on Friday. She called 911 while on her way to the hospital, and was told to pull over and wait for emergency responders. When her daughter was examined at hospital however, doctors said her body was too cold to have fitted with the mother's time frame of events. Highway patrol officers became suspicious of her story, and detectives brought in to work on the case said Yeliani had died in 'suspicious circumstances', according to an incident report seen by the Orlando Sentinel. A report by a medical examiner found the child had died from blunt-force trauma, but it was unable to confirm if the injuries came from being hit by a car. Charges: Schwartz, center, was originally arrested for child after bruises were seen on her surviving child . Schwartz's son was put into protective custody, and three children belonging to her housemate, Vanessa Morales, were put in the care of a relative after police searched the apartment the women shared. 'There were bruises on the children that concerned us and led us to think there was possible physical abuse that occurred,' Kristin Gray, of the Department for Children and Families, said. Hospital staff had contacted the sheriff's department to say Schwartz's son had 'multiple bruises on his body that were not consistent with normal child activities', Local 6 reported. Morales, who is currently allowed only supervised visits with her children, was arrested on Wednesday for unrelated charges after allegedly driving on a suspended license.By . Deni Kirkova . The perfect wine as voted for by UK wine-lovers would be red, produced in Australia, and cost just £5.83. The ideal bottle for convenience-led Britons would also feature a screw top and be on offer at a discounted price or as part of a multi-buy promotion. The characteristics of the perfect tipple are unearthed thanks to new research into British beverage-buying habits. Almost 40 per cent prefer a glass of rouge, compared to 35 per cent who would choose white . British vino drinkers would also want their beverage available to buy at the supermarket, and to be made by a popular, known brand. Red wine narrowly beat white as the nation's favourite, with almost 40 per cent preferring a glass of rouge, compared to the 35 per cent who chose white. Rosé ranked in third place after drawing less than a fifth of the vote (19 per cent). While European wine from heavyweight producer countries like France, Spain and Italy remained well liked, New World wine - especially that from Australia - was revealed to be leagues ahead in the popularity stakes, with 1 in 5 declaring a preference for booze from down under. When it comes to splashing the cash (or not), UK shoppers are prepared to pay, on average, £5.83 for a bottle, with 7 in 10 unwilling to spend more than £6. We're also much more likely to buy a wine if it's on offer or discounted as more than half of respondents stated that ‘getting a bargain' is a main purchasing driver. The perfect wine as voted for by UK wine-lovers would be red, produced in Australia, and cost £5.83 . These latest statistics produced by specialist wine bottler Cobevco paint a picture of us Britons as creatures of habit. Almost half choose to buy a particular wine because it's made by a brand they've heard of or because it's a grape variety we've tried before and like. Despite this, more than 1 in 3 claim to be ‘knowledgeable' and ‘adventurous' when it comes to wine. Almost 80 per cent of us buy our bottles . exclusively at the supermarket, preferring the convenience of having . everything in the same place to the specialist knowledge of wine . merchants. Only 6 per cent purchase wine at an off license, while even fewer (3 per cent) shop for the booze online. A Cobevco spokesperson said: 'The results of this research really do give us an insight into the state of the nation when it comes to wine preferences. 'For the first time, we're able to get the low down on what makes British consumers tick in the wine aisle. 'While public confidence and spending is on the up, shoppers' purse strings are still tight so it's no surprise that they're looking for an affordable treat in the form of a bargain bottle - most likely one that's on offer. 'What's interesting is that shoppers are now demanding great value wine from far flung producer countries. 'As supply chain technologies advance and overseas producers begin to embrace the cost benefits of bottling in the UK, we'll begin to see even more top notch yet affordable New World wine hit our shelves.' For the first time, we're able to get the low down on what makes British consumers tick in the wine aisle .By . Sarah Michael . Education Minister Christopher Pyne has insulted Opposition Leader Bill Shorten in Parliament, but there is speculation as to whether he said 'c***' or simply said 'grub'. Mr Pyne was interrupted while grilling Mr Shorten on Wednesday and he said: 'You're such a...' with the end of his sentence difficult to hear. Mr Shorten looked surprised by the outburst and gestured at Mr Pyne while looking at Speaker Bronwyn Bishop. Scroll down for video . A spokesman for Christopher Pyne, pictured in parliament on Thursday, denies he said the word 'c***' on Wednesday . The Education Minister insulted Opposition Leader Bill Shorten in Parliament on Wednesday . There is speculation as to whether Mr Pyne said the c-word, but a spokesman for the Minister for Education says he said 'grub' Ms Bishop responded by saying: 'The minister will refer to people by their correct name.' Mr Pyne responded: 'I will, Madame Speaker. I withdraw.' Parliament watchers expressed outrage over the outburst on Twitter. A spokesman for Mr Pyne said the minister said 'grub'. A spokeswoman for Mr Shorten said she did not know if Mr Pyne said 'grub' or 'c***'. 'Our focus is on his speech tonight and holding the Abbott Government to account for their broken promises,' she said. The opposition leader will deliver his budget reply speech on Thursday night. Before the insult Christopher Pyne was talking amid yells from the Opposition including Manager of Opposition Business Tony Burke. What do you think Christopher Pyne said in parliament? 'If the number one whinger in Australia was a reality TV show Madame Speaker, there'd be no point in any other contestant entering it because if Bill Shorten entered it he would win it,' Mr Pyne said. 'But his time, on Thursday night the Leader of the Opposition has an opportunity Madame Speaker.' Ms Bishop cut in to say: 'The Manager of Opposition Business will resume his seat'. Mr Pyne then called Mr Shorten a name.By . Mark Prigg . PUBLISHED: . 18:29 EST, 7 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 08:11 EST, 8 March 2014 . Water-carved rocks high on a Martian mountain have revealed that Nasa's Curiosity rover could actually be driving through a giant dried up lake bed. The new finding comes from Gale Crater, where NASA's Curiosity rover landed in 2012. The reveal a series of gridlike rock formations known as boxwork on Mount Sharp—an 18,000-foot (5,486-meter) mound in the middle of Gale Crater. Scroll down for video . The signs of a giant lake: The boxwork structures on Mount Sharp are shown in red (upper left inset map, Gale Crater). Lower right inset shows detail of boxwork formation (scale bar represents 50¿meters). Gale crater is 155¿km in diameter for scale. Researchers believe the telltale patterns could only have been made by water - meaning the mountain was once surrounded by a giant lake. 'Detailed mapping of the filled fracture network on Mount Sharp indicates that this sedimentary layer most likely represents large-scale boxwork fabricsm' they say in the journal Journal of Geological Research: Planets. 'These deposits provide evidence for extensive and relatively rapid cement formation, which could be beneficial to the preservation of organic compounds, 1050 m above the current floor of Gale Crater.' By studying images of the surface, the team were even able to estimate how big the giant lake was. 'Volumes of diagenetic cements can be measured from orbital imagery, and based on these measurements and an assumed chemistry, the minimum volume of water required to form the cements measured was calculated to be about 0.4 km3.' Spread around Mount Sharp, that would translate to roughly the amount of water in Boston Harbor. The researchers say they have the perfect opportunity to study the area, thanks to the Curiosity rover, and say it could still hold organic compounds from the ancient lake. The possible ancient configurations of Mount Sharp that would allow sufficient groundwater flow to form the boxwork structures spotted . 'The Mars Science Laboratory Curiosity rover is capable of driving to the boxwork layer from its landing site on the floor of Gale Crater and investigating the chemical composition and textures of these deposits from the surface. 'This site is a possible target for investigation by Curiosity as a location where a series of postdepositional water-based processes are interpreted that left extensive exposed diagenetic cements, which are indicative of possibly favorable conditions for preservation of organic compounds.'President Trump is expected to announce that Wall Street financier Anthony Scaramucci will be White House communications director, according to two sources familiar with the planning. Trump has left the role open since Mike Dubke resigned in May, and the President has vented frequently to his friends about the performance of his press operation. Trump's plans to appoint Scaramucci came as a surprise to Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, who found out after the plans had already been made. ||||| We've detected that JavaScript is disabled in your browser. Would you like to proceed to legacy Twitter? Yes ||||| Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE The Trump administration is expected to name former Trump transition team official Anthony Scaramucci as White House communications director, four sources in and close to the White House told NBC News Thursday. The news of the expected appointment was first reported by Axios. A White House official said the move is expected to be announced Friday. Scaramucci did not immediately respond to a request for comment. A different White House official described Scaramucci to NBC News as a "total professional" with the respect of President Donald Trump. Scaramucci was a supporter of Trump's during the campaign, dealing with fundraising and appearing on cable TV as a frequent defender of the president. Anthony Scaramucci, Assistant to U.S. President-elect Donald Trump and Director of Public Liaison, attends the World Economic Forum (WEF) annual meeting on January 17, 2017 in Davos, Switzerland. File Ruben Sprich / Reuters file Prior to throwing his support behind Trump, Scaramucci was a Scott Walker and then a Jeb Bush booster. Scaramucci met with Trump and his daughter Ivanka in the Oval Office on Thursday where Trump offered him the job, a source with knowledge of the situation said. The source said Trump has known Scaramucci for years and likes him. "Comms is what Anthony does,” the source said. “It's how he built his business. The guy knows media. He's been a good advocate for the president." White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer has technically been doing double duty as press secretary and communications director since the departure of communications director Mike Dubke, who resigned in May after just three months on the job. Spicer has not responded to a request for comment. Another source said Spicer is definitely staying on. The position was open so this is being seen as a bolstering of the staff, not a demotion for Spicer. ||||| Anthony Scaramucci is finally heading to Washington. The Long Island-born financier and loyalist to President Donald Trump was appointed chief strategy officer of the Export-Import Bank last week — roughly five months after his first promised White House gig failed to materialize. “Mr. Scaramucci’s main role is to assess how the Export-Import Bank can better capitalize upon opportunities to support American jobs by financing American exports,” a spokesperson for the bank said Tuesday. It is Scaramucci’s third attempt to land a gig with the Trump administration. In January, Scaramucci, known in the hedge-fund crowd as “The Mooch,” was said to have landed a role with the White House Office of Public Engagement, but the role disappeared after he sold his company, SkyBridge Capital, to foreign buyers. Earlier this month, it was reported that Scaramucci was up for the role of ambassador to the Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development. The job, which needs Senate approval and a move to Paris, may still be in play. Scaramucci’s new role with the Ex-Im Bank, which was first reported by Politico, is not without irony. While campaigning, Trump called the bank “excess baggage.” But the president changed his tune in April, telling the Wall Street Journal that the bank is “a very good thing. And it actually makes money, it could make a lot of money.” The bank, which has been called “corporate welfare” by other Republican critics, provides financing for US exports when other, more traditional lenders may be unwilling to assume the risk. |||||By . Daily Mail Reporter . Last updated at 10:08 PM on 2nd December 2011 . Brooke is 7 years old and weighs just 45 pounds. But over the course of four months, a medical clinic being paid with state dollars prescribed her a cocktail of anti-psychotic drugs that her family doctor says could be dangerous even for an adult. The drugs didn't fix her temper tantrums and bad moods. Instead, they made her problems worse. And when she tried to go off of them, she became almost uncontrollable. Brooke is just one of millions of foster children across the country who have been prescribed unprecedented levels of powerful mind-altering drugs in an often misguided attempt to control the emotional problems these kids experience after watching their families break apart. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . No solution: The heavy doses of dangerous drugs didn't make Brooke's problems better... they made them worse . ABC News reports that foster kids are 13 times more likely to receive 'mind-altering' psychotropic drugs than other children. Taxpayer-funded clinics have even prescribed the drugs, which are often approved only for adult use, to infants. Brooke was already facing an uphill battle to having a healthy childhood. Her mother was a drug dealer and a prostitute. Brooke was placed in a foster home at an early age, removed from her broken family and given to the care of strangers. The freckle-faced redhead counted 10 drugs that she was prescribed to control her temper tantrums and bad moods. But they didn't help, so doctors at the clinic in Florida continued increasing her doses. When foster mom Lisa Ward objected to the heavy medication, she was told that if she didn't follow the instructions of the state-sponsored doctors, Brooke could be taken away from her and placed with another foster family. Happy endings: After Brooke got off the medications, things turned better for her. Her foster mother adopted her and she's learning to deal with her problems . Finally Ms Ward paid to send Brooke to a private doctor. What he saw horrified him: 'The first thing we've got to think about, "Is the medicine causing this?"' asked psychiatrist Dr Luis Quinones. But now, after a painful process of weening herself off the drugs, Brooke is better. Ms Ward and her husband adopted the 7-year-old and she has a new solution her her problems. 'What's another choice over a tantrum? What's a good choice?' Ms Ward recently asked her adopted daughter. 'To hug you,' Brooke replied. The problem has reached the ears of legislators in Washington, who heard testimony from some of foster children affected by this trend. Ke'onte, 12, tells Congress that he was wrongly diagnosed with bipolar disorder and ADHD and given four different medications that left him in a 'stupor' A 12-year-old boy bravely told how he was medicated into a near-stupor as he was passed between foster care homes. The seventh grader, known only as Ke'onte, told Congress that being given the mind-altering drugs was 'the worst thing anyone could do to foster kids'. He revealed that he could barely eat while on the medication and was so exhausted 'it felt like I would collapse wherever I was in the house'. 'I think putting me on all these stupid meds was the stupidest thing I’ve ever experienced in foster care,' he said. Medicated: The Government study found children in foster care were 13 times more likely to be on anti-pyschotics and anti-depressants than other children . Ke'onte's plight came to light as a Government Accountability Office report was released that found the federal government had not done enough to oversee the treatment of foster children with powerful drugs. The study found cared-for children were up to 13 times more likely to be prescribed anti-psychotics and anti-depressants than other children. Ke'onte, who was adopted in 2009, said he had tantrums as a foster child and was inaccurately diagnosed as bipolar and having ADHD. 'I’ve been in the mental hospital three times during foster care, and every time I had to get on more meds or new meds to add to the ones I was already taking,' he said. He was on four different types of medication during his four years in six foster care and the drugs made him feel irritable, gave him stomach aches and affected his appetite, reports ABC. 'I remember having a bowl of spaghetti and had three bites and then I was done,' he said. He has since been taken off the medication and given therapy, and is thriving. He plays clarinet in the school band, competes in cross-country and has had roles in the school play. He said: 'In therapy, you talk about the deepest thing and it hurts, but you can deal with it better the next time. 'I’m not only more focused in school… I’m not going to the office anymore for bad behavior and I’m happy.' video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo player .ATLANTA, Georgia (CNN) -- Every year, I take at least one vacation out of the country to get my international travel fix. And this time, I'm taking you with me. The travel bug is a forever-itch that leaves you longing to wake up in a foreign country, Jarrett Bellini says. No, not literally. Sit down. This year, YOU can weigh in on where I go and what I do once I get there. We're calling it: Let's Ruin Jarrett's Vacation! By adding your comments below or sharing your ideas on CNN.com Live's Facebook page, you can send me to either Argentina, Greece, South Africa or Turkey. The destination that gets the most positive response is where I'll go. And to make it more fun, I won't even find out where I'm heading until I actually get to the airport this Sunday, August 30. There, I will tear open an envelope, read the results for the first time, and then head to my departure gate -- hopefully with at least a few articles of appropriate clothing. Once I get to wherever it is you send me, I'll be blogging on CNN.com and and checking in from time to time on CNN.com Live. By sharing your ideas on Facebook, you'll be able to guide many aspects of this vacation. You call the shots. And I'll cry myself to sleep at night wondering why I agreed to work on vacation and let other people plan it. I suppose, now, you might want a little background on why I'd actually want to do this. I mean, besides the fact that clearly, I'm a glutton for punishment. Really, though, I think I just like a challenge. In the fall of 2003, after an entire month of fruitlessly waiting by my phone to hear back about an entry-level position with CNN, I finally gave up hope and took my apparent job snub as some sort of cosmic sign from the Slacker Gods. I decided, then, that the only reasonable course of action was to buy a plane ticket to Europe to spend the next three months running around with my backpack, trying -- again, quite fruitlessly -- to meet foreign chicks. Though not quite a rucksack Casanova, I did come back from these magical three months with a far greater ability to entertain myself in a completely new place among absolute strangers. (Granted, for me, this can be accomplished by the presence of shiny objects.) Amazingly, the day after I returned from Europe, CNN called and offered me the position. It took four long months, but the timing was remarkable and I couldn't have been happier. But, as I started my new professional life, I was sick. I had the travel bug. Now, this is not to be confused with bed bugs, which, FYI, I painfully fell victim to in Copenhagen at a horrible, bomb-shelter-of-a-hostel they call Sleep in Heaven. Apparently, Heaven smells like mildew and leaves you with a rash. No, this was the travel bug -- the forever-itch that leaves you longing to wake up in a foreign bed in a foreign country, rising to face new ideas and new people beneath an unfamiliar sky. Of course, that's just my poorly poetic way of saying: The world is huge and amazing. It's so good! Once it hits your lips, it's so good!The My Dentist practice in Dolgellau will close on 31 March and the town's other practice is private. A spokesman for the NHS practice said it had been unable to recruit a permanent dentist in the last two years The deputy mayor of Dolgellau, Delwyn Evans, told BBC Radio Cymru's Post Cyntaf programme more needed to be done to get dentists into rural areas. My Dentist clinical director Steve Williams said: "There is a shortage of dentists in parts of rural Wales where long-term unfilled vacancies persist over a significant period of time. "We have tried unsuccessfully to recruit a dentist for the last two years and, regretfully, can no longer provide services at the Mervinian House Family Dental Practice." A spokesman for Betsi Cadwaladr Health Board said it intended to re-commission dental services in the area as soon as possible. "However, there is likely to be a gap between the date of termination of the existing services and the completion of the tender exercise and the re-establishment of new services," he said. "We are therefore making arrangements for the provision of dental services on a cover basis until a permanent solution can be put in place. "This will include exploring options for short-term support from the other nearest practices, as well as a dental out-of-hours clinic to operate from Dolgellau Community Hospital for patients requiring urgent unscheduled care." A Welsh Government spokesman said: "When a dentist decides to reduce or end their NHS commitment, the associated funding remains with the health board to re-commission the service. "Betsi Cadwaladr UHB has invited applications from dental contractors to help ensure there are NHS services available in the area. "We expect the health board to continue to review and improve access to NHS primary care dental services through the targets set within its 2016-17 Operational Plan."An extensive air, sea and land search for Liam Day, 26, by police and coastguard crews began shortly after midday on Wednesday. Posting on Facebook, his partner, Emily Brown said: "Thanks for sharing information about Liam. However, it seems likely that he will not return." The coastguard said the search was currently suspended. Mr Day, from Southampton, is thought to have been climbing alone near Durlston Country Park on Tuesday. Police said enquiries were ongoing and have appealed to anyone who saw a man climbing the cliffs in the area to contact them. Climbing equipment was found west of Anvil Point on Wednesday.By . Chris Greenwood . When they first met, he was brandishing a large knife and his victim was bravely trying to defend his family business with a stool. But after being caught red-handed career criminal Oluwatobi Ogunbanwo adopted a somewhat different approach. In an extraordinary hand-written letter from prison, he begged for forgiveness from shopkeeper Eamon McCluskey and offered his ‘humblest apologies’. Forgiven: In this image taken from the CCTV footage of the robbery, Mr McCluskey can be seen defending himself against armed robber Oluwatobi Ogunbanwo . The armed robber went on to say that a ‘hardworking taxpayer’ deserves to be able to make a ‘decent living’ without the crook ‘taking what is yours’. The letter was passed to Mr McCluskey by police after Ogunbanwo was jailed for eight years for a robbery spree. He struck at his newsagent in Wimbledon Park, South West London, as Mr McCluskey was about to shut up shop for the night in February. Wearing a mask over the lower half of his face and armed with a knife, he leapt on the counter screaming at the business owner to hand over his takings. His terrified 51-year-old victim grabbed a stool which he used to fend off the attacker as he tried to escape and shouted for help. 'I'm sorry I robbed you with a butcher's knife': Oluwatobi Ogunbanwo, 22, wrote this letter of apology to Mr McCluskey for robbing his newsagent in Wimbledon Park, South West London . Attack: During the robbery, Mr McCluskey defended himself with a stool and threw beer bottles at the young criminal as he jumped over the counter bearing a knife . Ogunbanwo climbed over the counter and removed the till from the shop, making off with £60 which police found on his person when they arrested hm a short time later . But Ogunbanwo blocked him in behind the counter and Mr McCluskey threw bottles of beer at him in a desperate last attempt at self-defence. At that point robber wrenched the entire till off its base and fled down the street, where he had stashed his coat under a parked car. Mr McCluskey’s 78-year-old mother was in the back of the shop and ‘had the shock of her life’ when she came to see what all the commotion was about. Luckily, police were alerted by vigilant neighbours within seconds of the start of the robbery and intercepted the robber less than a mile away. He stole just £60 which was found in his pockets. The horrifying ordeal was caught on . CCTV camera and was the latest in three similar raids in three years at . the cornershop, which Mr McCluskey’s parents opened in 1962. The businessman was so upset by the robbery that he attended Kingston Crown Court to see the young criminal jailed. Afterwards, a detective approached him and passed him the neatly written letter from the defendant. In it, Ogunbanwo said: ‘A hardworking . tax-payer like yourself deserves to be able to make a decent living . without myself taking what is yours and has not business to do with me. ‘I . apologise for any distress I caused your mother or yourself and for any . further damaged caused. I genuinely had no intention to harm you in any . way, but that is still no excuse for my action or for any fear I may . have caused. ‘My mother works in Tesco and I could only imagine how angry I would be if somebody did that to her.’ Big heart: Eamon McCluskey, pictured at his shop in Wimbledon, has said he forgives the robber for what he did after his letter . Speaking last night, Mr McCluskey, 51, said it took him two days to open the letter but he believes the apology is genuine. ‘When I came out of court a police . officer said he had written me a letter. It was early and I was very . upset. I didn’t read it for a few days. Dear Mr Eamon McCluskey, . Before I go any further please let me express my humblest apologies in regards to the robbery that took place at your store. A hardworking tax-payer like yourself deserves to be able to make a decent living without myself taking what is yours and has not business to do with me. I apologise for any distress I caused your mother or yourself and for any further damaged caused. I genuinely had no intention to harm you in any way, but that is still no excuse for my action or for any fear I may have caused. My mother works in Tesco and I could only imagine how angry I would be if somebody did that to her. Both my actions and behaviour towards you were cruel and I sincerely apologise for that. Yours sincerely. Tobi Ogunbanwo . ‘Maybe he was remorseful about the robbery. He wanted to apologise for what he had done. I’m sure he meant it.’ Mr McCluskey said the 22-year-old robber had only been out of prison for 10 days after serving a shorter sentence for similar crimes. He described him as a ‘serial offender’ and said the court was told he had been committing serious crimes since the age of 18. Describing the robbery, the shopkeeper said he had recently installed panic buttons and a remote door lock but had become ‘blasé’. He said: ‘I saw the knife as soon as he came in the door. 'He had a mask on his nose like a motorbike mask and he had a butcher’s knife raised in his right hand. ‘He came to the counter and I went to the security door to get out but he got there before I did. 'I thought "I have to get out of here or he will kill me or do me harm.’’ He said: ‘I am glad it’s over now - time is a healer and everything is back to normal now.’ Ogunbanwo, known as Tobi, of Battersea, admitted four robberies and three attempted robberies across Merton and Wandsworth.McGuinness must devise a strategy to combat the all-attacking style of the defending champions in their All-Ireland semi-final in Croke Park. In what is expected to be the most tactical game of the year, McGuinness says the game is "one hundred per cent about football players". "We trust (players) to out and do a job," said McGuinness. "I have been asked about our ability to hold the Dublin half forward line and how that would impact on our half back line. but we trust our half back line to go out and do a job. "Whenever we have passed the information on that we think is really important for the game, it's up to the players to make the decisions then. "You give that information, they'll clarify it with you, and try to execute it to the best of their ability." McGuinness, who led Donegal to a third Ulster title in four years last month, is unconcerned about being rated as rank 8/1 outsiders on Sunday, despite his team having been All-Ireland champions two years ago. "We were underdogs in every single game in 2012, so that doesn't make a difference. "Our approach is the same. It doesn't matter if (bookmakers) sit at a computer and say 'that's the number'. "No one knows what goes on in our dressing room. You just have to get things right and put faith in the players. "You could take it personally and you could use it. But this is about football, that's all. There are a lot of things we need to get right and that's what we're focusing on."Former federal MP Craig Thomson has been fined $25,000 for stealing union funds to pay for prostitutes but has avoided going to jail. Thomson, 50, was convicted of 13 counts of theft following cash withdrawals he made from a bank account belonging to the Health Services Union between 2003 and 2007 when he was the union's national secretary. He spent around $5000 of HSU members' fees on escorts and sex workers and lavish meals. In sentencing Thomson on Wednesday, Victorian County Court Judge Carolyn Douglas said his spending had been indulgent and constituted a significant breach of trust. Former federal MP Craig Thomson has been fined $25,000 for stealing union funds to pay for prostitutes but has avoided going to jail . She rejected a submission by Thomson's defence barrister Greg James that the offending was the result of 'the frailties of a man away from home'. One of the charges arose from spending on sexual services while he was at home, and one related to a $400 lunch with his wife that included a $200 bottle of wine. 'The gravity of the offending is the gross breach of trust involved,' Judge Douglas said. 'The seriousness is reflected in the continued confidence, or arrogance, of Mr Thomson in having no regard for the trust placed in him.' She said it was not the concern of the court that he engaged sex workers, but it was the court's concern he was using union members' money to do so. Thomson had appealed against both his 12-month jail sentence and conviction imposed by a Melbourne Magistrate earlier this year . Thomson had appealed against both his 12-month jail sentence and conviction imposed by a Melbourne Magistrate earlier this year. On Monday, he was acquitted of 49 charges of obtaining financial advantage by deception. Judge Douglas said it was regrettable the fraud charges had not been framed correctly and reiterated she would be sentencing on the theft charges only. She said the amount stolen was relatively small but Thomson's behaviour was nonetheless appalling. 'He is greedy,' Judge Douglas said. Judge Carolyn Douglas said it was regrettable the fraud charges had not been framed correctly and reiterated she would be sentencing on the theft charges only . During submissions on Wednesday morning Judge Douglas indicated she was considering a fine instead of jail time, but prosecutor Lesley Taylor QC called for a prison sentence, saying anything less would be manifestly inadequate. 'The moral culpability of Mr Thomson is extremely high,' Ms Taylor said. 'There is not one skerrick of remorse that Mr Thomson has demonstrated.' Mr James said Thomson's theft of $5000 did not warrant jail time and he had been penalised already. Mr James said media coverage of Thomson's legal battle had been 'extensive and intensive' and so intrusive Thomson and his wife had been unable to leave their home. Thomson has had to take out a $300,000 mortgage and sell superannuation assets to fund his defence against the charges, Mr James said. Thomson has three months to pay the $25,000 fine and must also pay compensation of $5650.(Mental Floss) -- There's a good chance you'll either drink too much eggnog this holiday season or spend time around someone who has. Here's a look at the background of this December staple. Eggnog can trace its roots back as far as the 14th century, when medieval Englishmen enjoyed a hot cocktail known as posset. Posset didn't contain eggs -- the Oxford English Dictionary describes it as "a drink made of hot milk curdled with ale, wine, or the like, often sweeten ed and spiced' -- but over the years eggs joined in on the festive fun. While the egg-laden version of posset was popular with the English, it became less common as time went by. Milk and eggs were both scarce and expensive, and the sherry and Madeira used to spike the mixture was pricey, too. Over time, the concoction became a drink that only aristocrats could really afford. All of that changed in the American colonies, though. What we lacked in parliamentary representation we made up for in easy access to dairy products and liquor. Since many Americans had their own chickens and dairy cattle, tossing together a glass of eggnog was no problem, and the drink's popularity soared among the colonists even as it sagged back home. This disparity in the drink's popularity on either side of the pond endures to this day; eggnog's popularity in the United Kingdom. still lags far behind its holiday ubiquity here in the States. In fact, here's how the Guardian's Andrew Shanahan memorably described the drink in 2006: "People rarely get it right, but even if you do it still tastes horrible. The smell is like an omelette and the consistency defies belief. It lurches around the glass like partially-sentient sludge." Appetizing! Using your noggin . The word "eggnog" itself has fairly murky origins, but many etymologists think the name stems from the word "noggin," which referred to small wooden mugs that were often used to serve this type of drink. Others propose a similar story but explain that the "nog" comes the Norfolk slang nog to refer to the strong ales that were often served in these cups. Still others think the name is a contraction of colonial Americans' request to bartenders for an "egg-and-grog" when they wanted a glass. Furthermore, while the drink itself may date back to medieval times, the word "eggnog" is a relatively recent invention. The first recorded instances of the use of "eggnog" only date back to the late 18th century, and by that time, bartenders in the young United States had already tweaked the recipe to give it a more American twist. The Madeira and sherry that English aristocrats had used for their version of eggnog were scarce on this side of the pond, but we had plenty of rum and whiskey. In 1800, author Isaac Weld, Jr. described the American recipe for eggnog as consisting of "new milk, eggs, rum, and sugar, beat up together." Mental Floss: The pooping log and other colorful holiday characters . Have one for George Washington . Yes, early Americans loved their eggnog, and you can use this fact to your advantage if you down a few too many glasses this year. Simply point out that you're in good company with the likes of George Washington. Kitchen records from Mount Vernon indicate that Washington served an eggnog-like drink to visitors, and since the general wasn't strapped for cash, he didn't skimp on the sauce. Washington's potent recipe included three different types of booze: rye whiskey, rum, and sherry. Nobody could tell a lie after having a few cups of that. Not everyone had Washington's funds, though. A thorough look at historical recipes reveals that for most tipplers, the type of booze they snuck into their nog didn't really matter as long as there was something to give it a little kick. In addition to rum, ale, whiskey, and wines, an 1879 collection of recipes from Virginia housewives features a recipe that calls for 12 eggs, eight wine-glassfuls of brandy, and four wine-glassfuls of wine. Another calls for three dozen eggs, half a gallon of domestic brandy, and another half-pint of French brandy. Something's telling us these shindigs got a little wild. You might not want to read the label . If you pick up a carton of commercial eggnog at the supermarket, you're probably getting much more nog than egg. FDA regulations only require that 1.0 percent of a product's final weight be made up of egg yolk solids for it to bear the eggnog name. For "eggnog flavored milk," the bar is even lower; in addition to requiring less butterfat in the recipe, this label only requires 0.5 percent egg yolk solids in the carton. Of course, there are other good reasons why we don't tip back eggnog year-round. Sure, nobody's reaching for a nice cup of something custardy on a hot day, but it's not very good for you at all. A relatively small four-ounce cup of store-bought eggnog boasts a whopping 170 calories (half of them from fat), nearly 10 grams of fat, and over 70 mg of cholesterol. (If you're keeping score at home, that's around a quarter of your recommended daily intake of cholesterol.) If you choose to eschew these commercial brands in favor of mixing up your own eggnog, you'll probably want to use pasteurized eggs to suppress the risk of a nasty case of salmonella; not even a playlist featuring "Do They Know It's Christmas?" ruins a holiday party quite as quickly as making everyone in attendance violently ill. Don't use unpasteurized eggs under the old argument of "the booze will kill the germs," either. The FDA advises that this strategy isn't likely to work. Mental Floss: The history of Christmas tree lights . An unhealthy obsession . Nutritional info aside, eggnog still has a strong following among holiday drinkers. It's hard to top the devotion shared by a Virginia father and son in the late 19th century, though. In 1900, Good Housekeeping ran a story about the Christmas-morning eggnog traditions of Virginia, and it included this anecdote: . "So religiously is this custom of the eggnog drinking observed that Judge Garnett of Mathews County tells a story of rushing in on Christmas morning to warn his father that the house was on fire. The old gentleman first led his son to the breakfast table and ladled out his glass of eggnog, drank one with him, then went to care for the burning building." True or not, the story certainly underscores the downright magical powers of eggnog. Nobody's braving a burning building to have a cup of fruit punch or spiced cider. Mental Floss: Dubious diets through the ages . For more mental_floss articles, visit mentalfloss.com . Entire contents of this article copyright, Mental Floss LLC. All rights reserved.By . Jennifer Smith for MailOnline . Worth a staggering £2.1million, the Bugatti Veyron Grand Sport Vitesse is no ordinary car. So when it comes to getting a polish, a quick once-over just won't do. After announcing that the world's most expensive new car was going on sale, the London dealership displaying it spent £3,000 making sure every inch of its lacquer coat was perfect. Scroll down for video . Two Topaz experts buffer the Bugatti Veyron Grand Sport Vitesse worth £2.1million in the Jack Barclay Showroom in Mayfair . The vehicle was shipped from Shanghai to the Jack Barclay showroom in Mayfair, west London, after being showcased at events around the world. To give it a 'shake down' ahead of sale, they brought in Topaz Detailing to give its carbon fibre and polished aluminium body new finish. Experts spent more than eight hours forensically examining the car with a microscope to pinpoint even the tiniest imperfection. Using an ultrasonic depth measurement gauge, they assessed the depth of each layer of the vehicle’s paint, which is made up of primer, paint and lacquer. After studying the scans on a laptop, they then remove the scratches and impurities in a process known as paint correction, using electronic buffing tools. Using the finest grades of polish, they scanned and polished until all of the scratches and impurities in that section were removed before moving on to the next part. The car, which has a top speed of 255mph is one of the fastest in the world as well as being the priciest . The process begins by covering the car's wheels with protective plastic before specialists get to work . The Topaz Detailing staff use paper tape to cover the vehicle's headlights and bonnet rim . The full Topaz Detailing treatment costs between £2,500 and £3,000 and can take up to eight hours . Using an ultrasonic depth measurement gauge the experts assess the depth of each layer of paint on the car . The experts then study the images from the device to identify the tiniest of imperfections on the car's finish . After examining the car in small sections the analysts can identify how where to polish it without causing damage to its paint . Two of the Topaz Detailing experts examine images from the microscope on a laptop before polishing the car . The service, which sometimes takes more than 60 hours, typically costs between £2,500 and £3,000 plus VAT, but is vital when dealing with a car worth more than £2 million. Derek Bennett, general manager of the the Jack Barclay showroom, said: 'I have never seen anything like it. For the price of the Topaz Detailing polish, you could put your car through a standard car wash 6,000 times . Two Honda Jazz 2004 models would cost less at £1,425 each on Autotrader . A Peugot 1.07 0.9l engine could be filled more than 75 times for the same amount . Two tickets on the Silver VIP Terrace at the 2015 F1 Monaco Grand Prix would cost less at £1,303 each . 'It is amazing what they have done. We are absolutely delighted with what they have done. 'Jack Barclay has a long and rich history in selling some of the most exotic and finest supercars in the world. 'For many of our customers perfection is the only goal. Everything associated with the car from the factory to the detailers meets exacting standards only achievable through carefully selected partners such as Topaz. 'Our showroom is literally a motor show, everyday our cars must shine spotlessly and fit the vision our customers had when they first dreamt of supercar ownership. 'Attention to detail is a statement of intent, that we will deliver on our promise of being the finest Bugatti retailer in the world. 'Bugatti detailers polish and finish their cars by human eye, but Topaz use a digital scanner to seek out areas so microscopic that only the final polishing effect of these marginal gains can be appreciated as a whole once the car is complete.' While it may seem like a lengthy process the cars at the showroom have to be at their best at all times, says manager Jack Barclay . The service is a 'must' for any car worth more than £2million according to the Jack Barclay showroom . Once the tiny imperfections are identified the experts can get to work buffering the carbon-fibre exterior of the car . The vehicle was brought to the UK after being showcased at car events all over the world . As good as new: Following the eight hour clean the car gleams in the windows of the London showroom . A manager at the Jack Barclay showroom, which is home to some of the most exquisite cars in the world, described the process as 'amazing' Mazin Naamo, director at Topaz Detailing said he was thrilled to have worked with the car. 'It really gives us a sense of achievement to work with what is probably the most exclusive dealership in the world and with one of the last Veyrons that may ever be made.' Mr Naamo described the company as cosmetic enhancement specialists for anyone who cares about the way their car looks. 'Our service caters to everyone you don't have to have a Bugatti. 'It is for people who are passionate about the way their cars look, paying for them to look a certain way and maintain it. 'It's like consulting a specialist doctor - we're paint specialists and everything to do with the cosmetics of the car. We are cosmetic enhancement specialists, we know how to bring up the paint work on specialist materials to make it look brand new or better.' Mr Naamo added the technologies used on the Bugatti were the company's 'secret'. 'Every buffer pad has a different density and a different abrasion level. It also has a different backing plate so the combinations that we have to work out in terms of machine, pad and compound combination - you're talking hundreds of possibilities. 'That's where our experience comes in, that's our secret.'Photo Advertisement Continue reading the main story KILLEEN, Tex. — The Army specialist at Fort Hood who killed three and wounded 16 of his fellow soldiers on Wednesday had an angry dispute over a leave request shortly before the shooting rampage, a law enforcement official said Friday. After a meeting where he had sought a leave to attend to family matters, he was clearly agitated and disrespectful when his request was denied, said the official, who asked not to be identified because he was not authorized to discuss the investigation. Fort Hood officials and a spokesman for Army investigators declined to comment on Friday about the meeting and its role in the shooting, but they confirmed in an afternoon news conference that the specialist, Ivan Lopez, became angry with soldiers from his unit before the attack. Two of those he killed were in his unit, a transportation battalion of the 13th Sustainment Command. Officials stressed that they had still not established a clear motive. But in an interview with a local Mississippi television station, Theodis Westbrook, of Smithdale, Miss., the father of Sgt. Jonathan Westbrook, who was wounded in the attack, said he was told that a soldier came to Fort Hood’s personnel office, where Sergeant Westbrook worked, to get a leave form. When one of the soldiers told the man to come back the next day to pick that form up, the man left, then returned with a gun and opened fire. Photo “The first guy he shot right in front of my son was killed, and then he turned the gun towards Jonathan, aimed it, and fired,” Mr. Westbrook said. “I don’t know how many times he fired, but he hit my son four times.” The Army has said that Specialist Lopez, who ended his rampage by fatally shooting himself, had been undergoing evaluation for post-traumatic stress disorder and treatment for depression and anxiety. But the post commander, Lt. Gen. Mark A. Milley, said on Friday that his “underlying medical conditions” were not a direct factor in the shootings. “We believe that the immediate precipitating factor was more likely an escalating argument in his unit area,” General Milley said. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Photo On his Facebook page, Specialist Lopez expressed a variety of concerns — including outrage at Adam Lanza’s shooting rampage in Newtown, Conn., the fear he felt in a convoy in Iraq and, more recently, anger with Army bureaucracy. He arrived on base in February after being transferred from Fort Bliss in El Paso. It was unclear how his writing might help explain his increasingly troubled state of mind. “Given that the alleged shooter is deceased, the possibility does exist that we may never know exactly why the alleged shooter did what he did,” said Chris Grey, a spokesman for the United States Army Criminal Investigation Command in Quantico, Va., the lead agency investigating the shooting. Specialist Lopez’s father released a written statement, in Spanish, on Friday in which he suggested that mental illness must have played a role in his son’s actions. “My son could not have been in his right mind,” said Ivan Lopez, the father. “This is not who he was.” Photo Advertisement Continue reading the main story The statement, released in Guayanilla, P.R., where Specialist Lopez grew up and where his family still lives, said that the deaths of his mother and grandfather, along with “the recent changes he experienced in his transfer to the base affected his condition as a result of his experiences as a soldier.” He was divorced from his first wife, who also lives in Puerto Rico with their two children. His second wife and a child lived with him in Texas. The troubled Facebook posts and comments Specialist Lopez made in the last two years — which are only visible to his friends on the site — appeared as posts from “Ivan Slipknot,” his Facebook identity and a reference to a favorite heavy metal band, friends said. On March 1, the same day he purchased the .45-caliber semiautomatic pistol he used in the attack, Specialist Lopez wrote an especially angry and vaguely threatening post. “My spiritual peace has all gone away, I am full of hate, I believe now the devil is taking me. I was robbed last night and I’m sure it was two flacos. Green light and thumbs down. It’s just that easy ...” Continue reading the main story Video The post was unclear about whether he was referring to an actual robbery, or a figurative robbery in which he was, perhaps, denied something that he felt was owed to him. The term “flacos” literally means thin people, but it is often used in a derogatory fashion to describe those who are too thin, implying that they are drug addicts. However, it is sometimes used to address another man, much as an English-speaking American might call a friend “dude.” On Feb. 27, he posted a photo of what appeared to be a handgun with the comment “Plaka, plaka, plaka, plaka...,” Puerto Rican slang that means “Bang, bang, bang, bang...” His posts in November showed him struggling with the death of his mother, Carmen Lopez, a nurse in Guayanilla who died that month, and grappling with problems with the Army at the time of his mother’s death. Photo “In shock. Mom died today,” he wrote on Nov. 15. “Thanks for your condolences. I couldn’t answer your calls,” he wrote, blaming Army bureaucracy, which he described with a vulgarity. One law enforcement official said Specialist Lopez had told others that he should have received more time off after his mother’s death. It was apparently a source of anger for him, the official said. “He felt like he wasn’t being treated fairly,” the official said. “He wasn’t getting what he felt he should have been entitled to.” On Facebook, he made other posts that appeared noteworthy in light of the shooting. On Oct. 3, he wrote in English, without further explanation: “Looking for a target.” On Dec. 9, he wrote of his tour of duty in Iraq: “Exact 1 year and 2 days ago, I went out of Iraq having seen, in Falluja, the most brutal explosion at about 1,200 meters.” He described what happened, writing that moments after he turned on the ignition of his vehicle, he saw the mushroom cloud of a large blast not far away. “I was only trying to concentrate on breathing deeply and keeping the focus I needed to finish the mission. There were hours of agony waiting for an attack by insurgents, but we were able to come out of Falluja alive. I was in vehicle #6. The worst part was that vehicle #5 was a diesel truck, the perfect target. And I only thought of seeing my family again.” Advertisement Continue reading the main story Advertisement Continue reading the main story General Milley stressed that Specialist Lopez appeared not to have experienced direct combat while in Iraq and that he was being evaluated for, but had not received a diagnosis of, post-traumatic stress disorder. “So far, we have not discovered any specific traumatic event, wounds received in action, contact with the enemy, or anything else specific that he may have been exposed to while deployed,” the general said. Of the 16 people wounded on Wednesday, 10 have been treated and released. Three remained at Scott & White Memorial Hospital in Temple, and three others were recovering at the Fort Hood medical center. Army officials identified the three soldiers killed in the attack, for whom they planned on holding a memorial service next week: Sgt. First Class Daniel Michael Ferguson, 39, of Mulberry, Fla.; Staff Sgt. Carlos A. Lazaney-Rodriguez, 38, of Aguadilla, P.R.; and Sgt. Timothy Wayne Owens, 37, of Effingham, Ill. The first report of the shooting came in at 4:16 p.m. Wednesday, when two soldiers who were wounded made the first call to 911. Officials said the shooting spanned a matter of only minutes over an area encompassing two city blocks, unfolding both inside buildings and outdoors in and near the First Medical Brigade area. Specialist Lopez was mobile at one point, shooting at soldiers as he drove in his vehicle from one location to another. He then approached a military police sergeant who responded to the 911 call. There was a verbal exchange between them, and then the sergeant drew her weapon and fired a round when Specialist Lopez brandished his weapon. He then placed his gun to his head and fired, killing himself, officials said. ||||| FORT HOOD, Texas (AP) — The Fort Hood soldier who gunned down three other military men before killing himself had an argument with soldiers in his unit before opening fire, and investigators believe his mental condition was not the "direct precipitating factor" in the shooting, authorities said Friday. This photo provided by Glidden Lopez shows Army Spc. Ivan Lopez. Lopez killed three people and wounded 16 others in a shooting at Fort Hood, Texas, on Wednesday, April 2, 2014, before killing himself.... (Associated Press) This undated photo provided by Glidden Lopez shows Army Spc. Ivan Lopez. Lopez killed three people and wounded 16 others in a shooting at Fort Hood, Texas, on Wednesday, April 2, 2014, before killing... (Associated Press) This undated image provided by the Texas Department of Public Safety shows Army Spc. Ivan Lopez. Authorities said Lopez killed three people and wounded 16 others in a shooting at Fort Hood, Texas, on... (Associated Press) This undated photo provided by Glidden Lopez shows Army Spc. Ivan Lopez. Authorities said Lopez killed three people and wounded 16 others in a shooting at Fort Hood, Texas, on Wednesday, April 2, 2014,... (Associated Press) Lt. Gen. Mark Milley, left,and U.S. Sen. John Cornyn, right, talk to the media near Fort Hood's main gate, Thursday, April 3, 2014, in Fort Hood, Texas. A soldier opened fire Wednesday on fellow service... (Associated Press) The base's commander, Lt. Gen. Mark Milley, made the remarks about Spc. Ivan Lopez's health a day after officials said his mental condition appeared to be an underlying factor in the attack. On Friday, Milley said that an "escalating argument" precipitated the assault. Also Friday, Lopez's father said his son had struggled with the recent deaths of his mother and grandfather and the stress of being transferred to a new base. Lopez's father, who shares the same name, said his son was receiving medical treatment but was a peaceful family man and a hard worker. "This is very painful for me," the elder Lopez said in the statement from his native Puerto Rico, calling for prayers for the dead and the 16 people who were wounded in the shooting rampage. "My son could not have been in his right mind. He was not like that." Wednesday's attack was the second at the base since 2009, when 13 people were killed by Army psychiatrist Nidal Hasan, who had said he was angry about being deployed to Afghanistan. Lopez, an Army truck driver, did a short stint in Iraq in 2011 and told medical personnel he had suffered a traumatic brain injury. The 34-year-old was undergoing treatment for depression and anxiety while being evaluated for post-traumatic stress disorder, base officials said. But officials said Lopez did not see any combat in Iraq, and had not previously demonstrated a risk of violence. He seemed to have a clean record that showed no ties to potential terrorists, though military officials said the investigation was ongoing. A family spokesman said Thursday that Lopez was upset he was granted only a 24-hour leave to attend his mother's funeral in November. That leave was then extended to two days. Three people who were critically injured in the attack improved to fair condition Friday at Scott & White Memorial Hospital in Temple. A fourth victim was expected to be released later in the day. At the military's request, the hospital said, it would not make the wounded or their families available for media interviews. Also Friday, Texas Gov. Rick Perry and Sen. Ted Cruz visited wounded at a military hospital. Cruz said he was inspired by a soldier who had suffered a bullet wound to his abdomen, but still shielded other soldiers and called 911. Investigators searched Lopez's home on Thursday and questioned his wife, who declined to comment in Spanish when reached by phone by The Associated Press. Lopez walked into a base building around 4 p.m. Wednesday and began firing a .45-caliber semi-automatic pistol. He then got into a vehicle and continued shooting before entering another building on the Army post. He eventually was confronted by military police in a parking lot, Milley said. As he came within 20 feet of a police officer, the gunman put his hands up but then reached under his jacket and pulled out his gun. The officer drew her own weapon, and the suspect put his gun to his head and pulled the trigger a final time, Milley said. ___ Coto reported from San Juan, Puerto Rico. ||||| FORT HOOD, Texas (AP) — The three soldiers killed in a shooting rampage at Fort Hood by another military man had served in the military for years and been deployed to Iraq as well as other places. Lt. Gen. Mark Milley on Friday identified those killed as 39-year-old Daniel Ferguson, of Mulberry, Fla.; 38-year-old Carlos Lazaney Rodriguez, of Puerto Rico; and 37-year-old Timothy Owens, of Effingham, Ill. Milley says Spc. Ivan Lopez killed the three Wednesday at the military base after a verbal altercation that escalated. He then killed himself. Ferguson was a transportation supervisor who had been deployed to Kuwait, Iraq and Afghanistan. Lazaney Rodriguez was a unit supply sergeant who had served in Kuwait and Iraq. Owens was a heavy vehicle driver who had also been deployed in Iraq and Kuwait. ||||| Story highlights An "escalating argument" may have led to shooting, officials say Texas Gov. Rick Perry and Sen. Ted Cruz visit some shooting victims Gunman Ivan Lopez killed three people, wounded 16 others at the Army post A memorial for three soldiers killed will be held at Fort Hood next Wednesday Authorities investigating this week's deadly shooting spree at Fort Hood said Friday that an altercation between Spc. Ivan Lopez and his fellow soldiers, rather than a medical condition, may have led to Lopez opening fire. "The immediate precipitating factor was more likely an escalating argument in his unit area," Lt. Gen. Mark Milley, the post's commanding general, told reporters. Some of the soldiers involved in the altercation were victims in the shooting, according to Chris Grey, spokesman for the U.S. Army Criminal Investigation Command, who appeared with Milley at a news conference on the sprawling post. Officials would not release further details about the argument, saying the investigation was still ongoing into what caused the 34-year-old to set out on a shooting spree that left three soldiers dead and 16 wounded before he killed himself. But the sister of one of the soldiers injured in the attack said that prior to the shooting Lopez stopped by the base's personnel office to pick up a form requesting leave -- or military permission to be away for a time. Armetra Otis, sister of Sgt. Jonathan Westbrook, said on CNN's "The Lead" that her brother "was at work and a guy came in and asked for a leave form." The soldier was told he would have to come back later, Otis said, "And apparently I guess he didn't want to hear that, so he came back and just opened fire, " Otis said. "He shot the first guy he saw and killed him and then turned the gun on my brother and he was shot four times," she said. Sgt. Westbrook was released from a hospital Friday, his sister said. JUST WATCHED 24 hrs at Fort Hood, a wrap Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 24 hrs at Fort Hood, a wrap 02:25 JUST WATCHED Fiancée of Fort Hood victim speaks out Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Fiancée of Fort Hood victim speaks out 01:35 JUST WATCHED 'Altercation' may have preceded shooting Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 'Altercation' may have preceded shooting 01:57 JUST WATCHED Fort Hood shooter underwent treatment Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Fort Hood shooter underwent treatment 02:04 Both Milley and Grey said they did not know if the leave issue in itself led to the altercation. "At this time, we have not established a concrete motive," Grey said. Investigators have not uncovered any history of criminal convictions or previous criminal activity by Lopez, nor have they found any links to terrorism. On Thursday Milley said investigators believed a medical history that indicates an unstable psychiatric or psychological condition may be a "fundamental causal factor," in the shooting. But on Friday he said investigators "do not believe" that his "underlying medical conditions ... are the direct precipitating factor" The shooting blindsided victims, said Dr. Matthew Davis, medical director of trauma services at Scott & White Memorial Hospital in Temple. "It was a shocking episode. It felt very surreal," he said after speaking to victims. "It was a very unexpected thing in the middle of a working day." Governor, senator visit Texas Gov. Rick Perry and the state's junior U.S. senator visited with some of the wounded Friday. Speaking to reporters at Fort Hood afterward, U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz hailed the bravery of wounded survivors. He recalled the story of one soldier, shot in the abdomen, who called 911 and "stepped forward" to save others. Acknowledging the post has seen two mass shootings since 2009, Perry said there were no easy answers to what happened Wednesday, but that soldiers there will "recover from this latest tragedy." "We'll learn lessons about what occurred here and minimize the chances of this ever happening again," Perry said. Perry and Cruz declined to answer questions about whether soldiers should be able to carry concealed weapons on base. Right now, Perry said, the focus should be on those who were wounded or killed Wednesday. The conditions of three victims, who were previously listed as critical, have been upgraded to fair, Scott & White Memorial Hospital posted on Twitter on Friday morning. Five have been discharged from the hospital. Of the four remaining Friday morning, one was expected to go home later in the day, the hospital said. Milley announced Friday afternoon that the three soldiers killed will be remembered in a memorial service at the post next Wednesday, exactly one week after the attack. The rampage The shooting started about 4 p.m. Wednesday when Lopez walked into an administration building at the base and opened fire with his .45-caliber semiautomatic pistol. 11 photos: Fort Hood shooting 11 photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – Luci Hamlin and her husband, Spc. Timothy Hamlin, wait to get back to their home at Fort Hood after a shooting at the Texas Army post on Wednesday, April 2. Multiple people were killed and others injured when a shooter opened fire, a senior military official and law enforcement official told CNN. The officials said the suspected shooter was among the dead. Hide Caption 1 of 11 11 photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – A police officer checks drivers' IDs outside the main gate at Fort Hood. Hide Caption 2 of 11 11 photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – Krystina Cassidy and Dianna Simpson, waiting outside the Bernie Beck Gate at Fort Hood, try to contact their husbands, who are stationed at the post. Hide Caption 3 of 11 11 photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – A Bell County Sheriff's Department official stands near a vehicle as cars are checked at the Bernie Beck Gate. Hide Caption 4 of 11 11 photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – An ambulance makes its way to Fort Hood. Hide Caption 5 of 11 11 photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – Military personnel and civilians wait outside Fort Hood for updates on the situation. Hide Caption 6 of 11 11 photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – Vehicles wait at a closed entrance to Fort Hood. Hide Caption 7 of 11 11 photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – A military police officer stops a car. Hide Caption 8 of 11 11 photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – Traffic near the main gate of Fort Hood. Hide Caption 9 of 11 11 photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – Lt. Savanah Hess, a nurse, waits in her car to enter the locked-down post. Hide Caption 10 of 11 11 photos: Fort Hood shooting Fort Hood shooting – Military police direct traffic outside Fort Hood. Hide Caption 11 of 11 JUST WATCHED Obama: We will get to the bottom of this Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Obama: We will get to the bottom of this 02:14 He then got into a car, fired from the vehicle, got out of the car, walked into another nearby administration building and fired again. One of the locations was the medical brigade, the other the transportation battalion. Lopez was assigned to the 13th Sustainment Command, which deals with logistics. In his work, he had regular dealings with the transportation battalion. But authorities have "no indication at this time" that Lopez was targeting specific soldiers when he opened fire on the Army post, Milley said. The base, which has more than 45,000 soldiers and nearly 9,000 civilian employees, went on lockdown after the shooting began. A short time later, a military police officer came face to face with Lopez. Both he and she drew their weapons, Milley said. Lopez put the gun to his head and pulled the trigger, ending his life. At Lopez's apartment, his wife was watching news reports about the spree, worrying about her husband, from whom she had not heard all afternoon, said neighbor Xanderia Morris, who tried to console her. But Lopez's wife had no idea that he was the shooter until a local TV station identified the dead gunman. His widow became "hysterical" when she heard the news, Morris said. Officers picked up Lopez's widow at their apartment near the base in Killeen, and she was cooperating with law enforcement, an FBI official told CNN. Depression, anxiety Lopez hailed from Puerto Rico, where he served in the National Guard from 1999 until 2010 before moving to the U.S. Army. He had two deployments as an infantryman, including a four-month stint in Iraq in 2011 as a truck driver, Milley said. Before coming to Fort Hood in February, Lopez served at Fort Bliss in Texas. He, his wife and their daughter moved into an apartment a little more than a week before the shooting. They appeared to be a normal couple, smiling "whenever they'd see someone," Morris said. But behind Lopez's smile lay a history of depression, anxiety and other psychiatric disorders, Milley told reporters. The soldier was receiving treatment and taking antidepressants, he said. Army records don't show him as having been wounded in Iraq, but Lopez reported that he had suffered a traumatic brain injury, Milley said. The shooter "had a clean record" behaviorally, Army Secretary John McHugh said. And he gave no sign during a psychiatric exam last month that he was likely to become violent. Lopez had also been prescribed the sedative Ambien, McHugh said. Investigators who searched his home have found no significant physical evidence, such as a suicide note, to indicate motive, a law enforcement official told CNN on Friday on the condition of anonymity. The official also said that Lopez purchased a "large amount" of ammunition when he bought a .45-caliber gun on March 1, and continued to buy more ammunition throughout March. U.S. law enforcement officials previously said Lopez bought his gun at Guns Galore, a store in Killeen. The casualties All those killed in the shooting were military personnel, Milley said. Sgt. Timothy Owens was one them, his family said in a prepared statement. "He was a very outgoing person and enjoyed Taekwondo," the statement said. "He loved his job in the Army and was going to make it a career." Owens, 37, was a counselor in the Army and had served in Iraq. His mother, Mary Muntean, told CNN affiliate WICS-TV in Springfield, Illinois: "He was a good person. Why would they shoot a good person that was helping them?" Owens loved the military and planned to make it his career, his mother told the station. "He didn't answer the phone so I left a message on his phone: 'Son, call me so I know if you're OK or not.' Well, never got no call from him. I thought: 'Oh God, please don't let it be,'" his mother said. Also killed was Staff Sgt. Carlos A. Lazaney-Rodriguez of Aguadilla, Puerto Rico, according to his aunt, Benny Rodriguez. Lazaney-Rodriguez, 38, planned to retire from the military soon after serving 20 years, Aguadilla Mayor Carlos Mendez told CNN en Español's Mayra Cuevas. "It was a very close-knit family," Mendez said "Excellent, decent, very good people. I know his family and his parents. They are good people." Sgt. 1st Class Danny Ferguson also was killed, his fiancée, Kristen Haley, told CNN affiliate WTSP-TV in Tampa, Florida. Ferguson died trying to hold a door shut to stop the shooter, Haley, also a soldier, told CNN affiliate WTSP-TV in Tampa, Florida. "He held that door shut because it wouldn't lock. It seems the doors would be bullet proof, but apparently they're not," Haley told the station. "If he wasn't the one standing there holding those doors closed, that shooter would have been able to get through and shoot everyone else." Haley said Ferguson was a native of Mulberry, Florida, and an outstanding athlete at Mulberry High, where he graduated in 1993. The small town is about 30 miles east of Tampa. One or two wounded victims may face long-term disabilities, but doctors are working to prevent this, said Davis, the Scott & White Memorial Hospital medical director of trauma services. Not again When he first heard about the shooting, Davis says one thought ran through his mind: "How can this possibly happen again?" Less than five years ago, the hospital where Davis works treated casualties after Army Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan killed 13 people and wounded 32 more in a November 2009 shooting at Fort Hood. Hasan was convicted of 13 counts of murder and 32 counts of attempted murder, and a military jury recommended in August that he be put to death. The former military psychiatrist told a court he was on a terrorist mission to protect leading members of the Taliban. Read: Fort Hood shooting: Psychiatric issues 'fundamental underlying causal factor' ||||| The seed for this crawl was a list of every host in the Wayback Machine This crawl was run at a level 1 (URLs including their embeds, plus the URLs of all outbound links including their embeds) The WARC files associated with this crawl are not currently available to the general public. |||||(CNN Student News) -- October 23, 2013 . The U.S. economy leads off Wednesday's program, as we examine some economic indicators and hear how Americans think the economy is doing. After a report on the spread of wildfires in Australia, we consider how an invasive species of fish is affecting some Atlantic Ocean ecosystems. Plus, we explore a company's plan to let people invest in their favorite athletes. On this page you will find today's show Transcript, the Daily Curriculum, Maps pertaining to today's show, and a place for you to leave feedback. TRANSCRIPT . Click here to access the transcript of today's CNN Student News program. Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published. DAILY CURRICULUM . Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum (PDF). Media Literacy Question of the Day: . What might be the pros and cons of using a news report to gauge the state of the national economy? How might such a report compare and contrast to one on your local economy? Key Concepts: Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today's show: . 1. economic indicator . 2. invasive species . 3. investment risk . Fast Facts: How well were you listening to today's program? 1. What different reports were released regarding the U.S. economy? How did Americans respond to a poll on the economy? 2. What weather conditions are conducive to widespread wildfires in Australia? 3. Describe the "athlete investment" program described in the report. Discussion Questions: . 1. What are some ways in which the national economy might have an impact on a local economy, and vice versa? How can you tell how well your local economy is doing? What media would you use to find this information? 2. What factors do you think led to the population explosion of lionfish in the Atlantic Ocean? What unique challenges might exist when trying to control the population of an invasive species that lives in the ocean? 3. What might be the pros and cons of investing in a professional athlete, using the program described in the show? What might be the benefits and drawbacks for the athlete? Would you consider investing in an athlete? If so, what information would you use to determine if an athlete is a good investment? If not, why not? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards, national standards in different subject areas, and state standards when producing the show and curriculum. We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program, and we welcome your feedback on them. MAPS . Download PDF maps related to today's show: . Australia . North America . Bermuda . FEEDBACK . We're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News. Please use this page to leave us comments about today's program, including what you think about our stories and our resources. Also, feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom. The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well. Thank you for using CNN Student News! Click here to submit your Roll Call request.The report by the High Fliers market research company found that about 1,000 graduates turned down job offers at the last minute, leaving employers searching for replacements in 2015. Around 20,000 students were recruited, mostly at the start of their last year. This means students have time to change their plans if better options emerge. Martin Birchall, High Fliers managing director, said: "At the very top end of the market, employers are fighting it out over the same few candidates - those who are expected to do well, with the best CVs and who have developed their skills at university. "It's not unusual for the top employers to tell us that more and more of these graduates are receiving five or six offers." He added: "It's very welcome news that Britain's top employers are recruiting their biggest-ever intake of new graduates in 2016. "But as the job market goes from strength to strength, it's clear that our brightest graduates are becoming increasingly choosy about the employers they join." The number of graduates hired rose 3.3% in 2015 with their starting salary at the UK's leading employers remaining at about Â£30,000 for the second year running. However, graduate pay at the top law firms, investment banks and accounting firms increased further. Other findings included:GOODLETTSVILLE, Tenn. (WKRN) – Goodlettsville police say a woman shot her ex-boyfriend after he was allegedly found hiding under a bed at her home Tuesday afternoon. It happened just before 3 p.m. in the 200 block of Shevel Drive. According to police, the man entered the home, which was having an alarm system installed, while she went to a neighbor’s home for a few minutes. “She was warning me about her ex-boyfriend and not to let him around me or my home,” a neighbor told News 2. Police told News 2 the homeowner shot the man in self-defense and will likely not face charges. Police said the woman had a restraining order against him and that he had three outstanding violations against that order. He will be charged on those outstanding warrants and more charges are pending. “Good for her!” neighbor Mary Alice Lovell said. She told News 2 she has seen police cars over the victim’s residence before. “In this case, if he was trying to abuse her and she had a gun and she had a restraining order against him, then she has to protect herself,” Lovell said. The man, whose identity has not been released, suffered non-life threatening injuries. News 2 spoke with the victim briefly over the phone. She said she said when she saw her ex-boyfriend under the bed; she knew it was either her or him. ||||| A Nashville woman having a security system installed to protect against a man who threatened her life and was stalking her actually found the man hiding under her bed as the security system was being installed. PHOTO: Tony Gunter-Metro PD GOODLETTSVILLE, Tenn.--A woman having a security system installed to protect against a man who threatened her life and was stalking her actually found the man hiding under her bed as the security system was being installed. First reported on FOX 17 Tuesday, Metro Police affidavits now paint a clearer picture of the events leading up to the self-defense shooting. According to the report, 52-year-old Tony Joe Gunter and the woman had dated for two years when earlier this month she found out about his "extensive criminal history." The woman broke up with Gunter and instructed him not to return when he allegedly stated "I will kill you, you stupid c***." Since that day, the woman says she has changed her locks twice and had three different occasions where she came home and found signs Gunter had broken in and was there. She also filed an order of protection against Gunter. ALSO SEE: Walmart employees help stop attack on co-worker after man stabs wife multiple times The woman called ADT security to have a system installed on Tuesday and says she was on her cell phone and computer as the ADT rep was installing the system. She says after the installer completed the job, she went to her room to check the connection to her cell phone but her phone was missing. That is when she noticed Gunter's feet under her bed. The woman told the ADT installer to call 911 and pulled a gun, shooting Gunter in the left foot as he was under her bed. She says she instructed Gunter to give back the phone and he threw it out from under the bed. She held Gunter at gunpoint until police arrived. Gunter admitted to police he entered the home and hid under the bed, taking the phone to keep the woman from calling police. The 52-year-old is facing charges of Aggravated Burglary, Stalking, Violating and Order of Protection and Theft. ||||| A Tennessee woman who found her stalker ex-boyfriend hiding under her bed shot him in the foot and held him until his arrest Tuesday, police said. Tony Joe Gunter, 52, violated the woman’s order of protection against him by sneaking into her Nashville-area home while she was having a security system installed around 3 p.m., according to a Goodlettsville police affidavit cited by WZTV. The woman had ended her relationship of two years with Gunter earlier this month after finding out about his criminal history, according to investigators. He vowed, “I will kill you, you stupid c--t,�? when she told him to go and never come back, the affidavit showed. The woman filed for the order of protection after she said Gunter broke into her Shevel Drive home three different times, according to police. She had changed her locks twice, and she hired ADT to install a home security system Tuesday. Cops question crazed ex of woman, 23, shot to death in Brooklyn Tony Joe Gunter, 52, faces charges of aggravated burglary, property theft, stalking and violation of an order of protection. (Police Handout) Investigators said she was looking for her phone in her room when she noticed Gunter’s feet under her bed. She shot him in the left foot and asked the ADT staff member who worked on her system to dial 911, according to police. The woman then held Gunter at gunpoint until police arrived to the home, the affidavit showed. He later told investigators he had grabbed the woman’s phone so that she wouldn’t be able to call the police. Gunter faces two felony charges of aggravated burglary and property theft, four misdemeanor charges of order of protection violations and a misdemeanor stalking charge, Davidson County inmate records showed. The woman told police in Goodlettsville, Tenn., she found Gunter hiding under her bed. (FOX 17) Authorities revoked Gunter's driver's license in 2014 after prior convictions of driving with a suspended license and a fourth-time offense of driving under the influence. He was incarcerated on a $165,000 bond after receiving treatment at a hospital Tuesday. Biker who shot up SUV on Long Island Expressway is passenger's ex The woman, who was not identified, told WKRN she knew it was her or him when she saw Gunter’s feet in his hiding place. Her neighbor Mary Alice Lovell said she is happy the stalking victim had managed to catch and shoot Gunter. “Good for her,�? Lovell told the TV station while standing in her doorway in the city 13 miles northeast of downtown Nashville. “They’ve had violence over there before. I can’t blame her for that,�? Lovell said. “In this case, if he was trying to abuse her and she had a gun and she had a restraining order against him, then she has to protect herself.�? |||||(CNN) -- A jihadist website is urging its American followers to kill comedian David Letterman, saying his tongue deserves to be cut over his remarks about a terror leader, an online intelligence group said. The writer posted the death threat after he got upset by a Letterman joke about an al Qaeda leader killed in Pakistan, according to SITE intelligence group, which monitors and translates online terror activity. Ilyas Kashmiri, described as al Qaeda's "military brain," died in a drone strike in June, his jihadist group said at the time. Letterman cracked jokes about the killing, and dragged his finger across his neck to show "the way of the slaughter," the message on the jihadist site said. He then said Kashmiri joins terror leader Osama bin Laden, who was killed in Pakistan in May, according to the message posted Wednesday. "This despicable person mocked the leaders of the mujahideen," the post says. The death threat urges jihadist followers to cut off Letterman's tongue and "shut it forever." CNN could not independently confirm the message. A spokesman for the FBI said the agency is looking into the death threats. "In the post 9/11 world, we take all of these threats seriously," spokesman Peter Donald said. A federal law enforcement official said such threats are common. "We see these kinds of threats frequently against people in business and media. Usually nothing comes of them, but we check them all out," the official said. CBS's publicity department for "Late Show With David Letterman" declined to comment Thursday on the issue. But on the show's official Facebook page, the comedian's fans rallied to his defense. "Keep doing what you do Dave," wrote Ronnie W., one of Letterman's supporters. "Dont let Al Quaeda influence your comedy, but Inspire it .... we got your back." Steve Grand, director of the Brookings Institution's U.S. Relations with the Islamic World project, said that jihadists closely track U.S. culture -- as seen in seized videos showing the late Osama bin Laden watching western news programs. He said there's a sense U.S.-born cleric Anwar al-Awlaki, a prominent member in al Qaeda, may be looking to "find ways of entering the American discourse." "There's an obsession with the United States and the West, more generally," said Grand. "And there is a desire to defend their cause through violence." The internet serves as a motivational resource for jihadists used "to inspire offshoots and to encourage like-minded people," the Brookings' fellow added. As such, a specific threat -- like the one targeting Letterman -- could be viewed as encouraging others to act. Yet Grand, like the federal law enforcement official, notes that dozens of such threats are made monthly. What may be more significant is how the American public reacts. "(U.S. citizens) have gotten use to this kind of talk, and there's sort of a resilience," he said. "What is most invaluable in the United States is that the best tool against terrorism is resilience, ... to not be cowed by threats and get back to your lives." CNN's Carol Cratty, Karen Bonsignore and Greg Botelho contributed to this report.By . Ap Reporter and Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 14:49 EST, 2 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:50 EST, 2 August 2013 . A woman charged with defacing the Washington National Cathedral has been ordered to a halfway house. Jiamei Tian, 58, appeared at a preliminary hearing in D.C. Superior Court today, where a judge ordered that she wear an ankle monitoring bracelet and barred her from leaving the halfway house or having visitors. The Chinese national living in the U.S. has been charged with damaging two chapels of the cathedral with a soda can of green paint on Monday. Nabbed: Jia M. Tian, 58, has been ordered to a halfway house and must wear an ankle monitoring bracelet, a judge said . Clean-up: A worker cleans green paint from the organ in the Bethlehem Chapel at the National Cathedral on Monday. The Chinese woman was arrested at the scene with a soda can containing green paint . Vandal: The woman appeared in D.C. Superior Court on alongside a Mandarin translator . Police and prosecutors also believe . she's connected to several acts of similar vandalism, including at the . Lincoln Memorial, a church and at a Smithsonian statue. Authorities . haven't revealed a motive. They say Tian has a Chinese passport and . that she was traveling in Washington on an expired visa. In another church near Thomas Circle, Tian allegedly splashed the organ with a mixture of white paint, feces and urine. D.C. police Chief Cathy L. Lanier told NewsChannel8 on Tuesday that the paint incidents are likely to be connected and that the woman may have 'mental health issues.' Authorities also said that Tian appears to speak very little English and her motives remain unclear. Green paint was discovered splattered onto the Lincoln Memorial early last Friday morning, and it was found later on a statue outside the Smithsonian headquarters on the National Mall, as reported by Wusa9.com. Target: The highly-popular Lincoln Memorial was splashed with paint . Gentle work: The green paint is carefully removed from the organ in the Washington National Cathedral's historic Bethlehem Chapel on Tuesday . Police said she had no fixed address but that she told officers she lived in Los Angeles. Following her arrest, a witness contacted police and reported that the woman had been seen attending a service at a church less than a block from Thomas Circle, according to court documents. The witness reported that the woman was carrying three bags with her. After she left, the witness found that a pipe organ in the church had been splattered with white paint, urine and feces, documents show. Tian was arrested inside the cathedral on Monday afternoon, shortly after the still-wet green paint was discovered there. When . a police officer approached her, she walked away and placed the soda . can with green paint inside one of three bags that were sitting on . chairs in the chapel. Turning green: The woman was arrested Monday on charges she vandalized two chapels at Washington, DC's National Cathedral with green paint. She also had green paint on her clothing, shoes and body, according to the documents. She . was wearing a multicolored sock on her right arm, and a similar sock . was found in a trash can in a bathroom at the cathedral on top of a can . of green paint, according to the documents. The bags placed in the chapel also had cans of green paint in them, the documents show. Cleanup . crews have been working for the past few days to remove the paint from . the Lincoln Memorial. Cleanup and restoration work at the cathedral was . estimated to cost $15,000. The Episcopal cathedral serves as the nation's spiritual home and has hosted state funerals and inaugural prayer services. Other targets: The nearby Lincoln Memorial was also vandalized in the area . Similar: Green paint was also used to vandalize the Lincoln Memorial, along with some white paint . Cleanup: National Park Service employees clean green paint from the Lincoln Memorial in Washington after it was targeted . Bethlehem Chapel has surveillance cameras, but it wasn't immediately clear whether the vandalism was captured on video, said Richard Weinberg, a cathedral spokesman. D.C. police said paint from the cathedral would likely be sent to the FBI for testing. Bethlehem Chapel was opened in 1912 and is the oldest section of the cathedral. It was the site of President Woodrow Wilson's burial rites, and his remains were entombed there for more than three decades. Wilson's remains were later interred in a memorial bay on the cathedral's main level.At a prep school in Kent, during High Tea, a master asks his pupils if anyone would like to do ballet. In a sea of waving girls’ paws, only one little boy’s hand shoots up. Mine. And then, with howl of the other children’s laughter echoing in my ears, I realised: boys don’t do ballet. So I bottled out, and I have always regretted it. Called to the Barre: Richard Dennen is put through his paces in his BarreCorre class by owner Niki Rein . Today, male ballet dancers are the new rock stars. The Adonis-like Brazilian Carlos Acosta is a household name and Sergei Polunin, a 23-year-old tattooed Russian wild child, made headlines when he sensationally quit as principal of the Royal Ballet last year. Now, apparently, rock stars are doing ballet. Mick Jagger, a sprightly 69 and preparing to headline the Glastonbury Festival with The Rolling Stones next weekend, has revealed how he credited his remarkable fitness to ballet. Then I heard about the ballet-based workout class at Barrecore studio on Kings Road, Chelsea, run by fitness guru Niki Rein. She is rumoured to be behind Princess Beatrice’s new figure and I was intrigued to find out what you have to go through to get a ballet body... NOT JUST FOR GIRLS . The . class is actually a hybrid of Pilates and ballet, incorporating cardio, . light weights and various stretching and balancing poses, all to music. Moves like me: Mick Jagger, 69, takes regular ballet classes to keep physically fit . It’s most certainly not just for girls. ‘Half of the guys who come can’t finish their first class,’ says Niki. ‘We work on legs and the lower half of the body, which men aren’t used to. 'Men are stronger in the upper body so they power through press-ups. But then they stand at the barre and after the first set of thighs their legs are all over the place, the eyes glaze over . . . they start to get dizzy.’ I thought I was going to die after my first class, but I could quickly see why it’s becoming a cult hit. A number of gyms have started offering ballet-style workouts, and Britain’s biggest, Virgin Active, is looking at rolling it out nationwide. There is genuine sports science behind it. Gillian Reeves, national group exercise manager for Virgin Active, explains: ‘Ballet improves posture, balance and co-ordination. 'The exercises all promote muscular strength and endurance but won’t bulk the body, helping to give that lean, dancer physique. For the greatest benefits, a healthy diet is needed also.’ A PERKIER BOTTOM . Niki promises longer, leaner limbs and the pert bottom of a dancer. ‘Ballet makes you leaner, and stand taller. 'There is a focus on the back of the body and if the back is strong, then it makes the shoulders look broader, you carry yourself taller, and the waist looks smaller.’ Niki arrived in London in 2009 after working with dance-cardio celebrity trainer Tracey Anderson and celebrities including Madonna and Gwyneth Paltrow. She started a private barre class in a client’s mews house and, when 25 ladies turned up, quickly realised that London needed her. THIGHS FEEL THE BURN . The class, for normally no more than ten to 15 people, lasts an hour and takes place in a dance studio with a mirrored wall and a long rail – the barre – that runs the length of the room, just above my waist height. Ideal Adonis: Ballet rockstar Carlos Acosta is an fitness inspiration for men across the globe . After a warm-up, there are press-ups and planks (where you hold the extended press-up position until your middle is shaking with the strain) . . . and then the real workout starts. There are various ballet-inspired positions: holding a ball between your thighs, you stand on tiptoe and pulse up and down. In another you lean forward with your head on the bar, wiggling your leg while it’s extended behind you. My thighs burn, my legs tremble. Later, I am so stiff and sore I think I might have done permanent damage. IT WORKS... BUT IT HURTS . After a month of going once a week, I am gradually getting more flexible. Like most men, I have very tight hamstrings. But now my standing splits – where you bend forward, hands flat on the floor, while you try to extend one leg back and point to the ceiling – are getting a bit better. We’re told that 15 minutes of ballet can burn up to 100 calories, and my body has changed. I am slimmer: if anything, I look at bit too skinny. But the gender divide remains: in a month I only saw one other man in the class. I think that boys are scared of ballet. You have to swallow your pride, as I did, collapsing on the mat while the woman next to me did 15 push-ups with her leg in the air. To anyone who is man enough to try it, I can confirm it works. But God, it hurts. Hour-long classes start from £24 at the Barrecore studio, Kings Road, London SW3. barrecore.co.uk.Lulzsec has claimed a new scalp - releasing confidential material taken from the Arizona police department. The anonymous hacking group says they've not been knocked off course, or successfully exposed, by rival hackers who claim to have named them online - apparently because they object to their agenda. This agenda seems to have evolved. When they started out, two months ago, they said they were mainly hacking "for laughs". In an online Q&A, Whirlpool, the spokesman for Lulzsec, who describes himself as "captain of the Lulz Boat", agreed that their goals now go beyond that: "Politically motivated ethical hacking is more fulfilling". We weren't able to talk to Whirlpool in person, but met in cyberspace in a private online chat room. In those circumstances it's almost impossible to verify with absolute certainty who you are speaking to, but Newsnight was able to verify that this person had access to the @Lulzsec Twitter feed. Here are some other edited highlights from the online chat, which began with a question about the Antisec movement to which Lulzsec seem recently to have aligned themselves. What is Operation Antisec in your own words? Operation Antisec - our energy has manifested from single-drop personal operations to a global hacker movement against the common people who deem themselves oppressors, namely the world governments... Our Lulz Boat has gathered allied ships in Anonymous and several rogue hacker groups, including prominent Brazilian, Iranian, and Spanish groups. We saw the Arizona material should we expect more today? We're hoping to load payload bay #1 with delicious booty and release more material early next week, preferably Monday. What do you mean by "who deem themselves oppressors"? Those who materialise rules to govern the oceans aren't corrupt in nature, but they soon realize that nobody will question rules that they put out, so they use this system to abuse the public. People fear new rules, people fear the "higher-ups", and we're here to bring them down a few notches. Is it the wrong rules? Or the wrong people making the rules? Would you be ok with rules, but more transparency also? Rules are rules and we, as a people, are OK with dedicated individuals to moderate them (politicians, officials, etc) - and that's fine. However, when our boat wants to sail into a book store, we're not going to pay Apple for a mobile reading device and subsequently purchase an application allowing us to read books, and then purchase the rights to read the book in text format. Copyright laws - a no-no. Copywrong is a constant enemy of the seas. So copyright is one of your issues, but that's not why you attacked Arizona police. Can you explain? Our hit on the Arizona police was to expose the corruption and racial profiling of their battle fleet. In one of the e-mails leaked, they refer to Mexicans as "illegal aliens" and that they need to build a bigger and bigger wall to keep them out. We have hundreds more documents ready to drop on similar corrupt states. So immigration- quite a leap from copyright - your agenda seems quite broad? It's not just about how they handle information then? Our targets are global. Corrupt rules and laws covers our attack vector pretty well. Cannonballs will fire at banks, police, and entire governments until we (the internet) are satisfied. Let me ask you about your name - Lulz - making people think at first glance that you're doing all this "for laughs"... Are you getting more serious? Or was the lulz a misconception/misunderstanding? We've been plundering treasure chests for laughs since 1 Twitter follower - we released 73,000+ X-Factor contestants when nobody realised we existed, and we've kept up the pace. This latest operation (just before we hit 250,000 followers) invites the rest of the internet to join us, so in a sense this sole mission is serious. But we still plan on having good laughs outside of it. That's quite a balance to maintain. Some attracted by the Antisec agenda might be put off by the Lulz. That's a fair point, and we're hoping Antisec extends far beyond our humble boat and into a revolution that maintains itself... So why are they (other hackers) attacking you and claiming to expose you? Is it because of your actions or your agenda? Or just for attention? An interesting question. It's my personal belief that they're attacking us out of raw loneliness - they've been stalking people like me for 6 months straight. They feel that we (the Lulz Boat) are their enemies. They keep trying to bring us down, we mock them, they get flustered and make snide comments, we laugh. This has been the cycle for six months. It's quite sad... I suppose what is interesting to many now is that you have a serious agenda but you're also in it for Lulz. Will there come a time when you have to chose between them? They don't seem to sit well together if you care what the outside world thinks of you. Another fair point. At some point our operations will have to veer onto the more serious end of things, that's true. Our pirate flag is whitehat, grayhat, and blackhat, so we often entertain many flavours of public. But yes, enjoying the breeze of politically-motivated ethical hacking is more fulfilling.By . Ryan Lipman . A NSW father allegedly arranged an illegal marriage between his 12-year-old daughter and a 26-year-old man and gave her sexual advice including that she should have unprotected sex. The 61-year-old father, who cannot be named for legal reasons, allegedly organised his daughter's marriage to the Lebanese immigrant because he wanted to stop her from 'committing a life of sin'. He appeared at Burwood Local Court via video link on Wednesday and has been charged with procuring a child under 14 for unlawful sexual activities, and being an accessory before the fact to sexual intercourse with a person under 14. Scroll down for video . Escorted to court: A 26-year-old, pictured, faced Burwood Local Court on Wednesday after illegally marrying a girl who was 12 years old at the time of marriage in January . Cannot be identified: Since the illegal marriage, the 26-year-old man and the girl have engaged in sexual activities daily, as stated in court documents . The 26-year-old Lebanese man has since had his student visa cancelled and is in immigration detention after being charged with 25 counts of sexual intercourse with a child aged between 10 and 14 years. Escorted by guards contracted by the immigration department, the man also appeared at Burwood Local Court on Wednesday. Court documents say the Hunter Valley girl met the 26-year-old University of Newcastle student at a mosque in November last year after he approached her father and asked to meet her. Police allege the young girl's father enabled his daughter's sexual assault by organising the unlawful marriage - including allowing them to swap phone numbers and meet three times in the family home before the ceremony. The father gave the girl sexual advice about contraception on the day of the wedding, according to court papers filed by police in support of an AVO application against the girl's father, The Daily Telegraph reported. 'The advice was that she should not use the contraceptive pill nor should (her husband) wear a condom when they have sexual intercourse,' the papers said. It is alleged they were married in an Islamic ceremony in the living room in January this year. The couple spent their wedding night at a motel in the Hunter region where they had sex several times, police allege. Cases adjourned: After appearing in court on Wednesday, both men had their cases adjourned until June, when they are expected to make a plea . A week after the wedding, he asked the girl's older siblings to put two single mattresses next to each other to make a queen size bed so the couple had a bed in the family home. He also asked the girl, now aged 13, if she needed to shower before morning prayer on one occasion, court documents show. 'The (girl) indicated that this is how the defendant would have known that (they) were engaged in sexual intercourse,' the papers claim. Islam requires people to shower after sex before they commence prayer, the girl allegedly told police. The imam who performed the ceremony, Muhammad Riaz Tasawar, plead guilty to solemnising the marriage and was fined $500 after. Court documents state that since the marriage the pair have engaged in sexual activities on a daily basis. 'The girl has expressed a strong desire to start a family with the 26-year-old,' the police report states. Both men had their cases adjourned until June 18, where they are expected to make a plea. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 15:29 EST, 6 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 02:40 EST, 7 October 2013 . This week Lindsey Vonn has been walking the fairways of Muirfield Village in Dublin, Ohio along with boyfriend Tiger Woods whilst he competes in the President’s Cup. The two appeared to be getting along famously with Lindsey trying to bring out a a softer side of the ever-so-serious championship golfer. However, Lindsey has said that her relationship with Tiger has taught her how to cope with pressure. Scroll down for video . Support of the Tiger: Tiger Woods of the U.S. Team walks with girlfriend Lindsey Vonn during the Day Three Four-ball Matches at the Muirfield Village Golf Club in Dublin, Ohio . Full support: Vonn has been with Tiger at the Masters, U.S. Open, British Open, PGA Championship, Players Championship and Tour Championship this year . Loyal to a fault: Vonn has trekker wherever Woods has played - plus she has even schlepped along the fairways and greens with him. Qill he do the same for her come February when she competes in the winter Olympics? She told the Detroit Free Press: 'He . understands pressure and he understands, obviously, competing at an . extremely high level. It’s difficult for me going into big events like . the Olympics because there’s so much more pressure and media attention, . and he gets that every single day. So it’s nice to be able to talk to . him about it and we can relate to each other’s lives so well. So I think . that’s one of the reasons why we work.' Vonn has been with Tiger at the Masters, U.S. Open, British Open, PGA Championship, Players Championship and Tour Championship this year. Her supporters are now asking if Tiger will repay her the compliment when she heads to the Winter Olympics in Russia next February. Standing by her man: United States team player Tiger Woods is hugged by girlfriend Lindsey Vonn following a four-ball match at the Presidents Cup golf tournament . Down and out: U.S. golfer Tiger Woods walks with his girlfriend Lindsey Vonn after losing his rain delayed Foursome match . Happy faces: United States team player Tiger Woods, right, smiles with girlfriend Lindsey Vonn after U.S. won the Presidents Cup golf tournament at Muirfield Village Golf Club . A kiss is your reward: U.S team member Tiger Woods celebrates with his girlfriend Lindsey Vonn after defeating International player Richard Sterne of South Africa to win the Presidents Cup on the18th hole . Earlier in the week it wasn't just Lindsey Vonn's red wellingtons making a splash at the President's Cup - a sneaky squirrel has stole the show at Muirfield Village. Sammy . the squirrel has become the U.S. team's mascot . the furry critter has been doing the rounds, with Olympic skier Lindsey . Vonn sneakily placing it on boyfriend Tiger Woods' shoulder in a funny . prank. Plenty to smile about: The U.S. team won and it looks as though Lindsey Vonn, who seriously injured herself while skiing in Austria earlier this year, could be back on the slopes as early as the weekend . Nuts: Lindsey Vonn laughs after putting a squirrel on Tiger Woods' shoulder at the Presidents Cup . Friendly: Tiger Woods warmed up to the idea of carrying a real squirrel on his neck during the Day One Four-Ball Matches at Muirfield Village Golf Club . Video footage captured the moment Vonn pulled the squirrel out of Love III's trouser pocket before surreptitiously placing it on 37-year-old Woods' neck. Woods, who was focused on the golfers still on the green, initially brushed his shoulder until he realized what was sitting on him. The world number one appeared rattled at first, before smiling broadly, to the delight of his 28-year-old girlfriend. Before heading to Minnesota today, Vonn tweeted to Love: 'Keep the squirrel happy until I get back tomorrow. :)' Animal lover: David Love III, far left, found the squirrel earlier in the day and kept it in his pocket before handing it to Lindsey Vonn beside him . Sneaky: Davis Love III handed 'Sammy the squirrel' to Lindsey Vonn before she secretly placed it on her boyfriend Tiger Woods' shoulder . Funny: Lindsey Vonn thought it would be fun to put a live squirrel on her boyfriend's shoulder at the Presidents Cup . Engrossed: Tiger Woods was so focused on the action, he didn't initially notice that girlfriend Lindsey Vonn put a squirrel on his arm . Vonn made quite an impression at the golf tournament yesterday. Pairing her red boots with snug white denim jeans and a navy blue V-neck T-shirt, the snow siren was the center of attention on the green, but she pretended to not notice. For hours she watched as her boyfriend of one year participated in the Four-Ball matches, which began 90 minutes late due to rain. The gold medal winner said when she met Woods, who is divorced from Swedish beauty Elin Nordegren, they hit it off. 'We immediately clicked, you know? It was just one of those things,' she told Vogue in August. 'Tiger's fame is obviously in the extreme, the amount of scrutiny that he's constantly under. 'But that's the thing: It all comes back to being happy. It doesn't really matter what anyone else thinks; do what you love to do and be happy and that's it.' Video source SB Nation . These boots are made for walking: Lindsey Vonn stood out from the crowd in her bright red wellies as she watched her boyfriend Tiger Woods compete in the Presidents Cup golf tournament on Thursday in Ohio . Devoted: Lindsey Vonn has stood by boyfriend Tiger Woods' side during the Presidents Cup .By . Emma Lowe . PUBLISHED: . 17:32 EST, 9 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:08 EST, 10 December 2013 . Close: Dennis Langsford, with his daughter Ruth, had Alzheimer's for 17 years of his life . When we can’t put a name to a familiar face, or we lose our keys, most of us will see it as nothing more than a minor irritation. But for Ruth Langsford, seemingly trivial moments of forgetfulness bear a sinister warning of the illness that killed her beloved father. After watching Dennis Langsford battle Alzheimer’s for 17 years before his death aged 85 in February last year, she is terrified of following in his footsteps. The ITV1 This Morning host has described how the pain of watching her father ‘lose his identity’ to dementia was too much to bear – and she would be devastated if the same thing happened to her or her husband, Sky News reader Eamonn Holmes. The 53-year-old has spoken of her fears for the first time to help raise awareness of the Alzheimer’s Society’s helpline, which will be under pressure from increased demand during the festive season. She said: ‘I saw the detrition of my father and it is something which worries me. I worry that I have dementia in the family and one day I may get it. ‘I mean, every time you mislay your car keys or struggle to remember somebody’s name, you think, “Oh my God, here we go”. Me, my mum and my sister joke about it but obviously it is in the back of our minds and it is a worry. Deep down there is always that fear. ‘I think the thing I fear most about dementia is losing my dignity and people not understanding you. ‘I hope it never happens to me and . Eamonn. When I saw my parents, they had been married many years, and mum . started to believe he didn’t recognise her. Love: Ruth and her husband Eamonn Holmes have an 11-year-old son called Jack . ‘It absolutely broke my heart to see that and I would hope it never happens to us for that reason alone.’ However, Miss Langsford said she still doesn’t believe in using technology to find out if she’s at risk of developing the disease. ‘I believe there are blood tests that you can undergo to find out if you are going to get it but I don’t think I would want to know,’ said Miss Langsford, who has an 11-year-old son called Jack with Holmes, 54. ‘Because I know the illness can’t be cured, I know there is no happy ending and why would you want to know when there is no preventative? It isn’t like there is someone to say if you drink this syrup every day then you won’t get Alzheimer’s, so I don’t see the point in being told now. Fear: Ruth, who hosts This Morning with her husband, says she doesn't want to know what lies ahead . ‘I know what my life would be, and it is enough to have seen someone go through it than to be burdened with the knowledge it is going to happen to you too.’ The Alzheimer’s Society’s national dementia helpline receives 38,000 calls annually, with a higher volume during Christmas when families are reunited. Miss Langsford is also helping the Dementia Friends campaign, which provides support to carers and the families of sufferers. The scheme helps to teach patients’ loved-ones how to communicate with them and explains the effects of the illness. For confidential advice, information and support, call Alzheimer's Society's National Dementia Helpline on 0300 222 11 22. The service is open Monday to Friday and at weekends, with trained advisers who understand the needs of people affected by dementia. You can also email enquiries to helpline@alzheimers.org.uk .By . Neil Sears . PUBLISHED: . 19:29 EST, 29 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 21:25 EST, 29 October 2012 . 'Off-payroll': Paula Higson, head of IPSA . The head of the watchdog monitoring MPs’ expenses is being paid up to £169,000 a year in an ‘off-payroll’ deal allowing her to reap huge tax benefits, it can be revealed. Paula Higson, acting chief executive of the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority (Ipsa), earns the equivalent of up to £169,000 a year not through a normal salary, but through her private limited company. Ipsa, set up in 2009 in the wake of the MPs’ parliamentary expenses scandal, states that its main duty is ‘to serve the interests of the public’. However, it pays Mrs Higson in a deal allowing her to save thousands of pounds in national insurance and income tax – while Ipsa cuts its own national insurance payouts. Earlier this year Chief Secretary to the Treasury Danny Alexander condemned similar ‘off-payroll’ arrangements saying they aided ‘tax avoidance’. Mrs Higson, who runs a private consultancy business, declined an opportunity to outline her tax payments. Ipsa also refused to give more details – even though its own website details staff expenses as small as a a ‘fruit basket’ worth £20. Mrs Higson is already familiar with ‘off-payroll’ deals. After leaving her last salaried job, earning £110,000 a year as chief operating officer at NHS Direct, she switched to working on contract at the same employer for £132,000 a year. The arrangement would have slashed her own national insurance and income tax liability. Miss Higson, who lives in a £1million house in Twickenham, west London, also appears to be continuing to be available for other work while being paid to monitor MPs’ expenses, with her website fully operational. 'Contractor': Mrs Higson joined Ipsa in July this year as acting Chief Executive . Condemning: Earlier this year Chief Secretary to the Treasury Danny Alexander spoke out about similar 'off-payroll' arrangements saying they aided 'tax avoidance' Last night angry MPs spoke out over the arrangement. Tory MP Rob Wilson, who campaigns against off-payroll deals in the public sector, said: ‘It is scandalous if an organisation charged with upholding the integrity of the MPs’ expenses system is itself paying people involved in tax avoidance.’ Former Labour minister Tom Harris said: ‘It is shocking if Ipsa is paying anyone a penny towards any form of tax avoidance.’ Mrs Higson joined Ipsa in July this year after Andrew McDonald, its chief executive – who is paid £110,000 a year through a normal salary arrangement – required cancer treatment. She is paid £650 a day through her private limited company for 50 days’ work over four months – the equivalent of up to £169,000 a year. Mrs Higson said in a statement: ‘In the two years I’ve been running a small business, I have paid the taxes I should. 'I have not carried out any proactive marketing while I’ve been doing work for Ipsa. For a 50-day contract, I am not going to close my website.’ An Ipsa spokesman said: ‘Mrs Higson is being paid as a contractor, not an employee, to provide 50 days of cover. 'The appointment complies with the Treasury’s guidelines for interim staff.’It's a Saturday night in Sisaket, a small town in Thailand's Isan province, and huge crowds have gathered around a makeshift boxing ring ahead of the big fight. But the two promising fighters about to take to the ring aren't your average boxers: Instead, they're an 11-year-old boy named Nat Thanarak and his opposition - a 12-year-old called Nong Em. Muay Thai is one of the toughest martial arts in the world and children as young as seven are paid to compete in vicious bouts that attract bets which run into thousands of baht. Scroll down for video . Painful: A little boy grimaces during a bout. Thai boxing allows strikes with the feet and elbows as well as fists . Professional: Despite his lack of years, Nat Thanarak, 11, is a professional Thai boxer . Thailand has an estimated 30,000 child boxers but the impact of beginning a fighting career so young can be severe, with brain damage comparable to that seen in car accident victims and early onset dementia among the risks. Despite the risks, it is not illegal for children to fight provided they have their parents permission. But although young fighters are supposed to wear padded clothing, in practice, they rarely do. Even if it means the chance of serious injury to their children, in poverty-stricken regions such as Isan, the lure of prize money can prove too much to resist - with or without pads. One such fighter is Nat Thanarak, a boy from a poor family whose main source of income is the pittance his mother, a nanny working in Bangkok, sends them each month. The money he makes is the difference between eating and starving and so, the little boy lives a life that involves four hours of training each day, a strict diet and little time for play. 'I do it because I get money,' he explains in his childish treble. Asked what he'd do should he manage to win one of the more lucrative fights staged in Bangkok, he replies: 'Buy a motorbike!' Tiny: Despite risking brain damage, dementia and serious injury, children as young as seven compete . Fighter: Nat Thanarak and his father Watchara who says he worries about what might happen to his son . His . upcoming fight with Nong Em is an important one and has attracted huge . bets, including a 50,000 baht (£1,000) flutter raised by his village - a . vast amount in Thailand, where £1,000 is more than the average person . earns in a year. But . to win it, he needs to weigh 25kg and is currently 3kg overweight. As a . result, his father Watchara has cranked up his regime, which already involves . push-ups, lifting oil cans and building up his neck muscles courtesy of a . chunk of concrete attached to his hat. 'This is the most important fight of his career,' explains Mr Thanarak. 'But he needs to lose three kilos before he can fight.' His solution is drastic. Daily 8km runs in 30 degree heat, all while sporting a sweat suit in a bid to get rid of excess water and help him lose weight. The competition: Nat will face 12-year-old Nong Em who won his first fight with a knock out aged seven . Working out: In a bid to lose weight, Nat does 8km runs in 30 degree heat while wearing a sweat suit . Despite the dangers, unemployed Mr Thanarak says he has no choice. 'Sometimes we can't make ends meet,' he explains. 'We are broke and have to borrow money. 'If he didn't fight, I would go to work in Bangkok with my wife and send . money back to my kids,' he continues. 'Sometimes Nat realises how much is riding on his boxing but sometimes he doesn't . because he's too young. He wants to play - he misses his friends.' But not being able to play is the least of Nat's concerns. As researchers at Bangkok's Ramathibodi Hospital have revealed, the child risks far more than limited playtime. 'Their brains are still growing,' explains Professor Jiraporn Laothamatas. 'When you do damage to a child, it's much more severe than in an adult. Education: Children who show promise in Muay Thai are sent to boxing camps with fees paid from winnings . Brutal: Children taking part in Muay Thai bouts can kick and elbow their way to victory as well as punch . Known as 'the art of eight limbs' Muay Thai involves using the arms, shins, fists and feet to overcome opponents. Invented in Thailand, the sport became widely popular after being incorporated into military training by King Naresuan in 1560. Until recently, bonds made from knotted rope were used to protect the knuckles and damage the opposing fighter but after several deaths, they were exchanged for padded gloves in the 1990s. 'There . might be some lower intelligence level compared to normal standard . kids. Some dementia might happen. Some don't think well, don't feel well . but they don't know how to tell what's different to them.' Mr Thanarak is not unaware of the risks and says he does worry about the risk of brain injury. 'I am worried about damage to his brain . but my son loves boxing,' he says. 'He wants to fight. I told him to stop after the . last fight. He refused. If he doesn't fight, our money will go . down and that's a problem because the money is supporting our family. 'The fact is, I don't want him to fight. He's still so young.' For his own part, Nat says he wants to carry on. 'I will continue training,' he insists. 'It makes me strong and it will make my village famous.' It might also leave him with brain damage but for now, little Nat and thousands like him will continue to risk life and limb in the boxing ring. See the whole story in Unreported World, tonight at 7.30pm on Channel 4 . Knock out: Many fights end in a brain-bruising knock out with some left unconscious for up to a minute .Special Report: The Technology of Business Ivory Coast stallholders turn to digital marketplace South African education goes digital Kenya's mobile money revolution Africa mobile boom powers innovation Is tech saving the music industry? It kills more mothers and babies than anywhere else in the world, according to the World Health Organisation (WHO). Some progress is being made. In Ghana, for example, the Maternal Mortality Rate (MMR) declined by 49% between 1990 and 2013 to 380 deaths per 100,000 live births in 2013 - but this still leaves some way to go to reach the United Nations Millennium Development Goal of 185. On the veranda of the small, squat bungalow that is the Ahentia Community Based Planning and Service (CHPs) clinic sits a group of women. Some are pregnant, some nursing babies, they are waiting patiently to see the community health officer. What makes this situation a little different is that each of them has been reminded about their appointment by messages sent to a mobile phone, through a system called Mobile Midwife. They also receive regular messages with individually-tailored information on everything from eating properly to when to give up manual labour to important treatment and vaccination advice. Cynthia Larbie is pregnant with her second child. "When I was pregnant for the first time I would have enemas, which are supposed to be good for you and the baby. But listening to messages from Mobile Midwife, I learnt they can cause your baby to be aborted," she says. "The reminders really help, too. Because I wasn't sure when my first baby would arrive, I gave birth at home, but this time being told that I'm close to delivery means that I'm prepared and ready to give birth at the clinic." Getting women in rural areas to attend antenatal appointments regularly isn't easy, says community health officer Alice Grant-Yamoah. "Most of the mothers are illiterate, so when we wrote the date [down], they forgot about it," she says. "[Mobile midwife] saves mothers' lives. Because in this community we believe â€¦ superstitions. For example you go and meet a mother at home, telling [her] to come for antenatal care. "[They say] If I come the evil eye will look at me and I will lose my baby. That's what I did with my previous babies and I lost the babies." Mobile midwife is part of the Ghana mobile technology for community health (Motech Ghana) initiative - a collaboration between the non-profit organisation Grameen Foundation and the Ghana Health Service. In a country where there are more active mobile phone lines than people (although using several Sim cards is common, so this doesn't mean that everyone has a mobile phone), using the technology to reach women and connect healthcare facilities makes sense. When a woman signs up for the service, she is assigned a unique number. After each appointment, the nurse updates her medical records electronically using a mobile phone. By reviewing a digitally-generated monthly report, she can see who has had the correct vaccinations, for example. It also means that the health service can gather centralised data on maternal health in the region. The platform is now used in seven districts across Ghana. A desk-top nurse application has been developed to make it easier to enter large amounts of data, as well as an app for android smartphones. "We've also seen an increase in immunisation coverage, because the messages are around from pregnancy to the start of life. We've seen an increase in the number of mothers coming to the facility to deliver. And also we've seen that many more of the mothers are very knowledgeable about health issues," says Patricia Antwi, district director of health services for Awutu-Senya district. Challenges remain, however - in rural areas network coverage can be patchy, and communities are often off the national grid, with no way to charge a mobile. And mobile phone ownership is lowest amongst poor, rural women, according to Eddie Ademozoya, Grameen's head of implementation for the Motech Platform. "Mobile literacy has [also] been an issue in a developing country like this," he says. "We have piloted a system of equipping Mobile Midwife agents with a solar charging device so that they can charge the mobile phones of women in the communities for a fee. It's designed in the form of a business-in-a-box." For the Grameen Foundation, the time has come to hand over the running of the platform in Ghana to the Ghana Health Service. But that doesn't mean that their involvement is over. "We've re-engineered [the Motech platform] to make it more robust, to make it scale, so it can serve the whole nation instead of just districts," says Grameen's director of technology innovation David Hutchful. The suite is now being offered as an open source download, and is being used elsewhere in Africa, Asia and South America not only for maternal health but as an HIV medication reminder service and for general health management among other things. Several worlds away from rural Ghana lies the capital, Accra. It's a bustling, booming, often gridlocked city with budding aspirations to rival Africa's technology hubs Nairobi and neighbouring Lagos. Like much of west Africa, many of the clinics and other healthcare facilities servicing the city still rely on time-consuming paper and print to coordinate operations - meaning there's often (if not usually) a large backlog of paperwork and insurance documents waiting to be dealt with. "A few months ago, I walked into a hospital that we are engaging and I found a notice that says, if you are from a particular insurance company, services have been suspended," says Seth Akumani, chief executive and co-founder of start-up ClaimSync. "So, if you are, for instance, a patient who is returning for a follow-up visit you basically have to pay cash or you will be turned away." ClaimSync started life at the Meltwater Entrepreneurial School of Technology (MEST) in Accra. "Our initial idea was to build a platform to make it easy for patients to access their records," says Mr Akumani. "We went out and talked to a lot of hospitals, the insurance companies, to try and understand the main points. Then we found out there is actually a gap between the hospitals and insurance companies." The software creates an integrated electronic medical records system that aims to link every department in a healthcare facility to a central database, integrating the process so that everyone from the receptionist to the doctor to the lab to the pharmacy can track a patient's progress. This means that not only should there be no chance of mistakes being made because different departments don't speak to each other, but the paperless system should save time and increase efficiency. Insurance claim documents can be generated automatically and sent off. And if the insurer is also using ClaimSync software it can be received almost immediately. "Insurance companies can log on to our online platform and receive the claims in batches," says Mr Akumani. "They can drill down and see the details of a single paper claim. They can accept or reject items on these claims and import them into the internal system for further processing." The platform is currently being used at the Danpong Clinic in Accra. Osei Antobre is the Medical Services Manager at the facility, and says that the software has improved confidentiality and increased efficiency. Now clients give permissions and personal details once only, rather every time they visit. "Since the introduction of the software....we just visit the database that we have there, their information, and then we process them right from there. The speed of the process is top for us." ClaimSync's integrated approach has won fans - the startup has been snapped up by Dutch biometric identity management company GenKey. According to Mr Akumani this means that they will be able to add GenKey's technology to the platform, which uses fingerprints and other biometric data to identify claimants accurately. This should help weed out fraudulent insurance claims and open up an international market, he believes. Healthcare facilities where paperwork gets in the way of patient care, and where a lack of properly integrated technology means mistakes are more likely to happen, are not unique to Ghana. They're not even unique to the developing world. And the appetite for technology to plug these gaps is massive. But having answers to these problems provided by Ghanaians for Ghanaians is important, according to Grameen's David Hutchful. "It's important that a platform like Motech was first sort of thought of in Ghana, because there are a lot of unique problems and issues that affect Ghana and other developing countries. "Motech initially was developed with Kenyan developers and then it was opened up to the rest of the world. We have Indians working on it, we have people in Poland working on it, people in the US working on it. "But having it start from here was very important - to have that sort of local understanding of the problem feed into the actual code that ends up this being this whole platform."By . Belinda Robinson . and Amanda Williams . The adorable toddler who dropped the f-bomb after taking the ALS Ice Bucket . Challenge has apologised for her 'naughty' behavior. Three-year-old Scarlett-Rose Davis can be seen sitting in front of a camera with her grandmother who makes her admit that saying F***ing hell was a naughty word and she promises not to say it again. Looking extremely uncomfortable and squirming as though she wants to run away, Scarlett-Rose dutifully repeats the words after her grandmother Carla Davis-Ball as she is coaxed to say them. Scroll down for video . Now say sorry! Mrs Davis-Ball tells her granddaughter to apologise for using the bad language . Ms Davis-Ball, from Coalpool in Walsall, West Midlands, said: 'I couldn't believe it when she came out with that language' Mrs Davis-Ball said: 'Tell them that it was a naughty word and you're not going to say it again are you?' Scarlett-Rose repeats: 'It was a naughty word, and I'm not gonna say it again.' She . then rubs her eyes, climbs out of her chair and runs towards something more interesting in the back of . her garden. The toddler became an unlikely . internet sensation after taking part in the Ice Bucket Challenge before . promptly blurting out the F-word - much to the horror of her . grandmother. Scarlett-Rose had begged her grandparents to let her take part in the . craze which is currently taking the world by storm in aid of motor . neurone disease. But . her grandmother said she 'could have died' when the little . girl blurted out 'f***ing hell' after tipping an icy bucket of water . over her head - and the episode was caught on camera. Mrs Davis-Ball recorded the footage of Scarlett-Rose being doused with warm water from a cooking pot after nominating a young friend called Marshall to take the challenge last weekend. After she put . it on Facebook and her husband Stuart Ball, 33, uploaded it to YouTube, . it has been viewed more than 40,000 times since Monday, and has been shared several thousand times around the world. The 40-year-old, from Coalpool in Walsall, West Midlands, said: 'I couldn't believe it when she came out with that language. 'She has picked up a few bad words when we have gone out for meals or into town. 'It did shock me but she's so clever I'm not surprised she's picked it up. We told her it was a naughty word. Potty mouth: Three-year-old Scarlett-Rose Davis turned the air blue during an ice bucket challenge - and her doting grandparents have now revealed she intends to try out for Britain's Got Talent as a rapper . Grandmother Carla Davis-Ball, said she 'could have died' when the little girl blurted out 'f***ing hell' after tipping an icy bucket of water over her head . The video captures the moment the little girl stomps off after her icy challenge - exclaiming 'f***ing hell' 'It makes me so happy that a three-year-old picked on a good cause and wanted to get involved. She knows it's for poorly people.' Scarlett-Rose has a baby brother called Shankley-Gary, aged ten months. The couple care for the children five nights a week and they spend two nights with their mother Demi Davis, 19. She adds: 'Scarlett-Rose doesn't really understand what the fuss is about which is probably a good thing.'FA head of security Tony Conniford admitted that the association is 'freaking out over safety in Rio' FA head of security Tony Conniford said senior figures in the England set-up were ‘freaking out’ over reports of crime and violence from Rio’s gang-ridden shanty towns, or favelas, the largest of which, Rocinha, is near England’s hotel. He also raised the astonishing prospect that England stars such as Wayne Rooney and Steven Gerrard could be stuck on the team bus for up to four hours in gridlocked traffic as they travel nine miles to and from their training base. While officially the FA say they are ‘fully confident’ in security arrangements, former policeman Mr Conniford’s comments, overheard by a Mail on Sunday reporter in the bar of the England hotel in Rio, raise questions about preparations. Mr Conniford’s assessment was delivered in a loud voice to a Brazilian colleague. A reporter from this newspaper was having a meal at a nearby table and was able to take notes. Mr Conniford, a 30-year veteran of Essex Police, told the Brazilian, an ex-military officer: ‘The problems here have been all over the papers. It’s bad. I get calls from management, from my bosses at the FA, freaking out saying, “Tony, are you sure it’s safe?” ‘They ask me, “Is this really going to be safe for the team?” They are worried. These are real concerns. ‘We have to be extra vigilant. We cannot afford to make any mistakes. Security must be paramount.’ Mr Conniford’s comments – coming just a month before the tournament kicks off – raise serious question marks over the FA’s decision to base themselves in central Rio. England’s hotel, the ageing Royal Tulip, is rated by travel website TripAdvisor as only the 93rd best in the city. Only one other team – Holland, who will train much closer to their hotel – are based in the city, while Germany have built their own private beach resort to stay in. England's hotel is located within view of the Rocinha favela in Rio where armed gangs are being targeted by police . Mr Conniford told his colleague that a nine-mile trip between the squad’s training base in a military camp at Sao Joao Fort in Urca in the shadow of Sugarloaf mountain and the hotel had taken him two hours. He said: ‘The traffic is awful. Even with a police escort it will be a nightmare. The roads are terrible. The traffic is my biggest worry. This is a logistical nightmare. We have to work on how we get the team from A to B without getting held up. ‘We will be stuck in traffic the whole time.’ The airport, where the England players and their retinue, totalling no fewer than 78 people, will have to travel to to get to their group games, is even further away. Mr Conniford said he also had concerns about security within the Urca military base when England were training. He told the Brazilian: ‘Your guys need to know they can challenge anyone to see their badges. They must check and re-check everyone.’ And on hotel security, he said: ‘We can’t afford to let anyone in because once you are through that door out there you can go straight to the lift and get straight up to the players’ rooms in no time.’ As more than 50,000 England fans prepare to descend on Brazil, it is hard to imagine they have much idea of what actually awaits them: . Heavily armed snipers have been tasked to patrol the Rocinha favela, near where the England team will be based for the World Cup . Brazilian authorities are having difficulties clamping down violence in advance of the World Cup . The host cities for England’s first games – Manaus, Sao Paolo and Belo Horizonte – are plagued by robberies, murders and muggings. Sao Paolo has its own slum problem and, in Manaus, a steaming jungle city a four-hour flight north of Rio, child ‘gangs’ roam the streets robbing visitors at knifepoint. The violence shows no sign of abating. One person was shot dead on Friday as Rio police clashed with armed men in a favela close to the England hotel. Over the past six years the Rio authorities have established 39 so-called police pacification units, or UPPs, in the favelas in an attempt to smash drug and street gangs. England captain Steven Gerrard and his team will be based within view of Rio's biggest slum as they prepare for their three World Cup group matches . More than 50,000 England fans are expected to travel to the tournament where there have been regular violent protests . Adrian Bevington, Managing Director of Club England, said: ‘The FA are confident in the security arrangements in place. Tony is a vastly experienced officer and was simply overheard doing his job. He has our full support.’ Tory MP Chris Heaton-Harris, who is a qualified referee and member of the All-Party Parliamentary Football Group, said last night: ‘Like every English fan, I want our team and its management to be as safe as possible and would expect these concerns to have been addressed by now.’ An FA source said that Mr Conniford was using the opportunity to emphasise to Brazilian authorities that their extra support is appreciated and the conversation was private.By . Ryan Gorman . PUBLISHED: . 12:22 EST, 23 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:35 EST, 23 October 2013 . The attorney who successfully defended Casey Anthony is now representing one of the young Florida girls accused of cyber-stalking to the point she committed suicide. Jose Baez will represent Katelyn Roman, 12, when she goes to trial to face accusations of bullying Rebecca Sedwick, 12, to the point she committed suicide last month. When reached Wednesday by MailOnline, a spokesperson for Mr Baez said he was not available for comment because he was spending the entire day getting to know the family and reviewing the case. Well known: Casey Anthony attorney Jose Baez will represent Katelyn Roman, 12, in her cyber-bullying trial . Made famous for defending Ms Anthony to a jury that found her not guilty of murdering her daughter, Mr Baez was approached by the Roman family, the spokesperson said. The Orlando Sentinel first reported he had been hired to represent the 12-year-old girl. News of his retention comes on the heels of reports that Tricia Norman, Ms Sedwick’s mother, hired attorney David Henry. It is not clear what Mr Henry’s course of action will be, but an announcement on his law firm’s website did offer some clues. ‘We’re going to look at every possible potentially responsible party,’ Mr Henry said. ‘We applaud the efforts of Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd and his office in investigating and responding to this tragedy.’ Echoing the comments of Polk County . Sheriff Grady Judd, Mr Henry explained that the two teens ‘repeatedly . and maliciously’ cyberbullied Ms Sedwick, including telling her to . ‘drink bleach and die,’ as well as kill herself. Bullied: Rebecca Sedwick (left) was bullied by Katelyn Roman (right) and friend Guadalupe Shaw until she committed suicide, according to officials . Successful: Mr Baez successfully argued Ms Anthony's innocence during her murder trial, Ms Anthony is pictures hearing the not guilty verdict . ‘It used to be a parent could be relatively assured that their kids were safe in their room, but that’s no longer the case. A computer in a child’s bedroom is their porthole to the outside world,’ said Mr Henry. ‘Cyberbullying has become a pervasive problem among our children and it needs to stop,’ he added. It is not known if Guadalupe Shaw, 14, has yet hired an attorney. She remains in custody. Tormented by the relentless bullying, Ms Sedwick jumped to her death from a silo at a cement plant not far from her home. Ms Shaw’s stepmother is also in custody after being arrested last week for child abuse.The number of non-EU migrants who come to the UK to study but remain five years later could be about half that ministers claim, say researchers. The "current self-destructive policy is deterring genuine international students", says the Institute for Public Policy Research. Ministers say it is crucial to crack down on immigration abuse. Ministers say official statistics suggest that each year about 91,000 non-EU students do not leave the UK at the end of their studies. This figure is an extrapolation of data from the International Passenger Survey (IPS) carried out annually by the Home Office on a sample of travellers at UK ports, says the IPPR. Arrivals who plan to stay more than a year are asked their main reason for coming to the UK - and people who leave after more than a year are asked what they were doing while they were in the UK. For students, the difference between the two figures is about 90,000 - so reducing this figure would help the government in its objective of cutting overall net migration. But this approach is based on "dubious evidence", says the report. Other ways of counting international students put the figure at less than half that suggested by the passenger survey, say the researchers: "The large discrepancy between the other sources' figures and that of the IPS suggest that the latter's 90,000 figure is not reliable enough to be used as a guide for policy," says the report. "While it is certainly right to root out abuse and tackle bogus colleges where there is robust evidence of wrongdoing, these rules have adversely affected genuine students and institutions, and have undermined the UK's reputation as a desirable destination for international students," it adds. "Our research suggests that many of the students they are targeting may be phantom students who are no longer in the country," said report author Marley Morris. The report urges the government to: Seamus Nevin, head of employment and skills policy at the Institute of Directors, agreed it was time for the government to re-evaluate its approach to international students. "Restrictive student and post-study visa rules undermine the UK's claim to be an open, outward facing, trading nation," he said. "Most students who come to the UK to study are not permanent migrants." And the umbrella group Universities UK urged the government to view international students as "valuable temporary visitors". A Home Office spokesman said: "We continue to welcome the brightest and best to our world-class institutions. We are also committed to bringing net migration down to sustainable levels as soon as possible and are looking at all visa routes as part of that work."By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 11:47 EST, 16 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 12:31 EST, 16 November 2012 . A three-year-old boy died after a man ‘set fire to a suburban house thinking his ex-girlfriend was inside.’ Local police say Aaron Wilson Dishong, 62, set fire to the two-family home in East Freedom, Pennsylvania, in an attempt to kill his ex, but only two young children and their mother were inside. Three-year-old Daryl Etchison Jr. was killed in the blaze. Authorities say his mother, Brandy Etchison, jumped from a third-floor window to save herself and her 2-year-old daughter, Madison. Under suspicion: Aaron Wilson Dishong was jailed Thursday night on homicide, arson and related charges . Tragic loss: The arson and homicide took place at 113 South Second St. In east freedom, Pennsylvania . 'She is essentially a hero in our opinion,' Blair County Chief Deputy District Attorney . Wade Kagarise told reporters on Thursday night after the incident. Husband, Darrel Etchison, was at work when the fire broke out, Kagarise said. A local hospital spokeswoman said MS Etchison remained in critical condition late Thursday. Kagarise said it was his understanding that little Madison was to be released from the hospital. Mr Dishong allegedly incriminated himself during a phone call with a witness that was monitored by police. Alleged arsonist: Dishong's Facebook profile picture . The two witnesses came forward to say Mr Dishong had gone to South Second Street to stalk his ex-girlfriend over the past couple of days and had said he was going to kill her, investigators say. Mr Dishong’s ex had a protection-from-abuse order against him. Mr Dishong was jailed Thursday night on homicide, arson and related charges. He denied setting the fire following his arraignment.By . Associated Press . A New Jersey family whose terrier-pitbull mix escaped from their backyard during Superstorm Sandy went to an animal shelter this week to adopt a new pet and came home with their old dog. Chuck James tells The Associated Press that his family searched for their brown-and-white dog named Reckless for months after the October 2012 storm before finally giving up hope. 'We reported him missing and called the shelters periodically, just hoping they had him,' James said Saturday. 'We always kept our hopes up, but eventually it's time to move on."' The happy family! Chuck and Elicia James are seen here reunited with dog Reckless, who they lost during Superstorm Sandy . James said the family had planned in recent weeks to get a new dog as a 10th birthday surprise for their eldest daughter, Ally. The couple has two other children, Kelsey and Liam. But when the family of five went to the Monmouth County SPCA on Thursday to adopt a new animal, James and his wife approached the first cage and saw a familiar face inside. 'He was a little bigger than I remembered because they had fed him well,' James joked. 'But then he was laying on my wife's feet, and I knew it was him. ... I was in disbelief. I know this dog is meant to be with our family.' When SPCA officials asked if they could prove the animal was their dog, a friend sent over a picture showing the family with their dog before Sandy hit the Jersey shore. Lost: Reckless got out of a hole in a fence at the James' home in Keansburg, New Jersey, pictured . 'We're all so happy to have him back,' James said. 'Thank God for no-kill shelters because every time they kill an animal, it's somebody's friend who might be lost. Thank God they didn't put him down because this would have been a different story.' SPCA officials say Reckless was picked up as a stray and has now been microchipped. The family is living in a hotel while their storm-damaged Keansburg home is repaired. This weekend, the Jameses went on a camping trip with Reckless to celebrate the dog's return.British Transport Police (BTP) said he suffered head and leg injuries when he fell into the path of an oncoming train at about 23:00 BST on Friday. It happened as thousands of fans left the nearby Twickenham Stadium after England's victory over Fiji in the first World Cup game. The man is not thought to be critically ill, London Ambulance said. The station in south-west London was evacuated while the man was treated. London Ambulance said he was later taken to St George's Hospital, in south-west London. The train had been slowing down at the time he was hit, British Transport Police said. "At this stage it is unclear exactly how the man came to fall on to the tracks and officers are working to determine the full circumstances," a spokesman said. South West Trains said services between Twickenham and London Waterloo were suspended while the man was treated but later resumed. A spokeswoman said: "Our immediate thoughts are for the welfare of the person involved."Bronca, Diego Maradona called it. The emotion was his driving force throughout his career. Marcela Mora y Araujo, translator of his autobiography El Diego, described it as representing ‘anger, fury, hatred, resentment and bitter discontent’. It would appear Luis Suarez, perhaps the player most like Maradona at this World Cup, is motivated by bronca, too. Nothing else explains his mood swings, his brilliant destructiveness, the intensity of his creative blaze and sudden self-immolation. VIDEO Scroll down to watch the moment Suarez appears to bite Chiellini . Passion: Luis Suarez seems to be driven by an emotion referred to by Diego Maradona as bronca . Driven: Maradona claimed bronca represented his 'anger, fury, hatred, resentment and bitter discontent' Suarez was angry long before he sank his teeth into defender Giorgio Chiellini. He was angry after defeating England the week before, angry on the eve of the final group meeting with Italy, too. He used every opportunity to rail against his critics, his detractors in England, those who dare to suggest that football is better without racism, cheating and acts of aggravated bodily harm. It is as if he possesses dual personalities. There is the Suarez whom team-mates recognise, and he is a universally popular figure. This Suarez gives selflessly for his team, is a disciplined and dedicated trainer and a quiet family man, still devoted to his childhood sweetheart and their young family. Controversy: Suarez (9) clearly moves in to bite Italian defender Giorgio Chiellini . Then there is the Suarez possessed by bronca, uncontrolled, without boundaries, illogical. Viewed together this pair make no sense, Jekyll and Hyde but without the potions. It does not follow that Suarez can depart from reality into a state where he is moved to bite another human being. It does not follow that this behaviour is repeated, that it has a pattern immune to censure or judgement. What Suarez does baffles all understanding. It is as if he is, in the truest sense of the phrase, out of his mind. If it were possible to review a substantial library of great and important goals that had been scored by virtue of biting an opponent, it would not make his behaviour correct, but it would at least begin to explain the motivation. If there were games that had been won only because of occlusive biting, there could at least be understanding. We do not condone diving or simulation in the area, either, but we accept it can get results. Flashpoint: Suarez holds his teeth in pain after the incident during Uruguay 1-0 Italy . Yet what Suarez does can only have a negative effect. At worst, he is sent off, or banned, if spotted. At best? Well, what is the positive outcome here? Chiellini was not going to become incapacitated, unable to continue due to his injuries. Biting, while horrible, is in fact a rather inefficient way of gaining advantage over an opponent. The best Suarez could hope for was shock. Yet England’s defenders also looked pretty shocked in Sao Paulo, and no teeth were bared to achieve that outcome. Suarez is at his least dangerous when he opens his mouth. It is his feet, and his brain, that terrify, combining to provide the movement, instinct and clinical nature that are his most effective qualities. Biting, Suarez is almost worthless. Shocking: Chiellini displays bite marks on his shoulder after the incident, but the referee wasn't swayed . So why do it? Any mental health professional will say it is a spontaneous act. Suarez did not go into the match with Italy thinking he would bite Chiellini, given the chance. It is also an opportunist crime, and born out of fear. Suarez has a history of biting, but usually when the game is not going well. He was murdering England, and behaved impeccably, he was frustrated by Italy when the bronca overwhelmed him. This conforms to type. Suarez was getting little joy against Chelsea the day he bit Branislav Ivanovic, and Liverpool were losing at the time. The Ajax match in which he bit Otman Bakkal of PSV Eindhoven in 2010 ended in a 0-0 draw. Psychologists will also say Suarez bites when he feels threatened or is unnerved by circumstances. There is no record of an attack being perpetrated when his team are winning, or even in a game in which he has already scored. Previous: Suarez has a history of biting when the game isn't going his way . This excuses nothing, of course, because what English football has found is that Suarez does not respond to patience, understanding and our most decent human emotions. He responds to a big stick. He had his greatest season in the last campaign for Liverpool, following a 10-match ban for biting Ivanovic. Yet in the loving arms of la celeste he goes unchallenged, unquestioned, unchecked. Uruguay are Suarez-dependent. They need him like an addict needs his fix. Nothing he does can be wrong. And Suarez indulged is Suarez unhinged. That is why we are back here again. Cristiano Ronaldo has found it close to impossible to affect Portugal at this World Cup, yet Uruguay have been driven to eliminate England, and then Italy, by Suarez. He is the nearest in talent to Maradona here in his ability to singlehandedly drive a team. Angry: Branislav Ivanovic (left) was getting the better of Suarez during Chelsea's 2-2 draw with Liverpool . The return is that nothing he does can be wrong in their eyes. Uruguay’s part in this Faustian pact is that they will defend the indefensible, endorse the ludicrous and feed paranoia, a perverse victim mentality, that is plainly unhealthy. Oscar Tabarez is a hugely respected coach on the South American continent, who even Maradona refers to as el maestro, yet he, too, was moved to foolishness by his refusal to acknowledge that Suarez had done wrong. Tabarez claimed the allegations were a conspiracy, conducted by people ‘hiding in trees’. That Suarez’s act was beamed live across the world escaped him. Diego Lugano, Uruguay’s captain, said Chiellini was a snitch and had shown the referee an old scar. Similar: Suarez (right) is the nearest in talent to Maradona in his ability to single-handedly drive a team . Even those from Uruguay who are here, ostensibly, as impartial observers failed to locate their critical faculties. There was no front-page controversy over Suarez in Uruguay and the website of the main football television network in the country, Tenfield, carried instead a bizarre rant about England’s controversial World Cup goal in 1966. There was no front-page controversy over Suarez in Uruguay and the website of the main football television network in the country, Tenfield, carried instead a bizarre rant about England’s controversial World Cup goal in 1966. ‘It would be good if these English people who are worried and are pushing to have Suarez suspended can explain how they won the World Cup in 1966 with a goal that wasn’t a goal, one that bounced in front of the goal-line after hitting the underside of the crossbar,’ said Tenfield’s correspondent, utilising logic that could have explained Suarez’s bite on Ivanovic away as a response to a tackle by Chopper Harris in 1968. Investigation: The Uruguay star looks concerned as he walks through the team hotel in Natal, Brazil . Sunderland manager Gus Poyet, a former Uruguay international with 26 caps, attempted to explain the different cultures before the World Cup began by saying that where Suarez comes from there is not such a strong ethical pressure around a sporting contest. ‘I know that for you a handball on the goal-line is cheating,’ he said, ‘but not for us. It’s part of the game. If I’m the last man and you’re running and I pull your shirt and you go down and I get sent off — is that cheating? No, it’s not cheating.’ Yet, around Suarez, such moral ambivalence can have dangerous consequences. The hangers-on and ego-fluffers amid his employers and advisers conspire to indulge Suarez the monster, while only the quiet men of the FA’s disciplinary arm have succeeded in controlling those animalistic excesses. Going? English football will be missed if he decides to leave Liverpool in the summer . Everything he rails against in English football — the critics, the press, those who decry a destructive attitude he confuses indulgently with desire — are actually all that is good for him. Pandered to by his coach, his grateful team-mates and a slavish, cheerleading media, he is then set on a course of self-destruction. That is the Suarez irony. He feels he punished England with the goals that ended this country’s World Cup ambitions. He feels he was avenged. Yet avenged for what, exactly? Everything he despises about the English game is what keeps him in check. If Suarez plays no further part in this World Cup, or in football for many months to come, it will be because he failed to learn the lessons of his brief exposure to the standards of the English game. If only he knew it, we’re the best friends he has.By . Peter Allen . PUBLISHED: . 08:35 EST, 11 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:36 EST, 11 December 2013 . A woman challenging France’s burka ban stayed away from court today because she did not want ‘to be perceived as a symbol of supposed rampant Islamisation’. Cassandra Belin, 20, sparked a near riot in the Paris suburb of Trappes in July after being stopped by police for wearing a full face veil. She admits telling the officers to ‘shut up’ but denies saying ‘Allah will exterminate you'. Cassandra Belin, 20, sparked a near riot in the Paris suburb of Trappes in July after being stopped by police for wearing a full face veil. Above, her husband Mickael Khiri arrives at court today with her lawyer Philippe Bataille . Cassandra Belin's lawyers have launched a constitutional challenge to the ban on Muslim veils, arguing that the controversial law of 2011 which made them illegal should be scrapped. File photo . Now her lawyers have launched a constitutional challenge to the ban on Muslim veils, arguing that the controversial law of 2011 which made them illegal should be scrapped. Belin’s husband, Michael Khiri, was arrested for insulting one of the officers who stopped his wife in Trappes during the Muslim fasting period of Ramadan. This led to a large crowd gathering on the couple’s housing estate, where hundreds of mainly Muslim immigrants live. Soon bus stops and other public property was being destroyed, as running battles took place between youths and the police. Belin, a Muslim convert who has worn a veil all her adult life, was outraged when her husband received a three-month suspended prison sentence. In October, Belin herself went on trial for defying the ban on Islamic veils and for insulting a police officer. Many conservative politicians claim that France's 6million-plus Muslims are changing the nature of the country. Above, a protest against the burka ban in Paris in 2010 . Now her lawyer has launched a constitutional challenge to the entire burka ban at the criminal court in Versailles, west of Paris. Philippe Bataille told the court that the ban was discriminatory, unconstitutional, and against the guiding principles of the French Republic. Mr Bataille said his client was deliberating shunning the hearing because ‘she does not want to be wrongly perceived as the symbol of a supposed rampant Islamisation'. Many conservative politicians claim that France’s 6million-plus Muslims are changing the nature of the country. Thibault de Montbrial (pictured at court today), lawyer for the police, said that 'a small group of radical elements were testing the institutions' of secular France, under the guise of religious freedom . They say that burkas are a symbol of many Muslims' desire to exclude themselves from other French people. This has led to growing support for the far-right National Front party which wants to stop the so-called ‘Islamisation’ of society. Thibault de Montbrial, for the police, said that ‘a small group of radical elements were testing the institutions’ of secular France, under the guise of religious freedom. Earlier this month, European judges heard the case of a 23-year-old French woman who also claimed the burka ban violates her rights. The Strasbourg-based European Court of Human Rights will rule on the case in 2014. Today’s case in Versailles continues. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.Beijing (CNN) -- It is a striking image that in an instant crystallizes the passions and anger on the streets of Beijing. A man is leaning out of the sunroof of a car driving down a six-lane freeway, holding a massive Chinese flag in one hand and, in the other, a portrait of Mao Zedong. "The islands are ours," he yells, referring to China's claim on what it calls the Diaoyu islands. He denounces Japan, and others in the car raised clenched fists, threatening to go to war. Protests have flared for another day across the country. This is not just any day, it is the anniversary of the incident that set off the Japanese invasion of China in 1931. The wounds of history run deep amongst generations raised on stories of the brutality of Japanese occupation. The row over the islands is tearing at those old scars. These are indeed confused times; old-style Maoism, anti-Japanese hatred, ancient territorial claims and a rich nation's hunger for national resources are fueling passionate and at times violent protests aimed at the Japanese. The islands dispute is a magnet for a grab bag of competing agendas. Japanese plants close amid Chinese fury . The open displays of anti-Japanese fury, say some China watchers, is a convenient distraction for the Communist Party as it grapples with a fraught leadership transition marked by political scandal, murder, "disappearances" and infighting. The appearance of the iconic Mao images lends a revolutionary fervor to these protests. The father of China's Communist Party is not seen as synonymous with the new economic powerhouse. He harks back to a more brutal time. But this is not just about anger and pride, it is about money. Lying beneath the uninhabited islands are vast natural resources. China is hungry for oil and gas to power its economy. But most of the argument here is framed around history; unfinished business with Japan and China's rising economic significance in the world. Chinese analysts like Guo Xiangjiang, the Deputy Director of the China Institute of International Studies, say there should be no question about who owns the islands. "There shouldnÂ¹t be any discussion on Diaoyu island. It has always been a part of China," he says. China says its claim on Diaoyu extends back hundreds of years. Japan says China ceded sovereignty when it lost the Sino-Japanese war in 1895. Japan's surrender in World War II clouded the issue again. How a remote rock split China and Japan . But in 1972, the United States returned Senkaku to Japanese control as part of its withdrawal from Okinawa. China refuses to recognize these agreements. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs Spokesman, Hong Lei, has effectively told the U.S. to keep out of the issue. "We hope that the U.S. can earnestly honor its principle of not taking positions on the Diaoyu issue," he said. On the streets it is all about Japan. Thousands marched outside the Japan embassy in China Tuesday. "Kill Japan!" one woman yells. Another turns the question on us. "Would you not fight for Hawaii? Would you not fight for Washington D.C? Of course we will fight for Diaoyu," the protester asks. China normally clamps down on protests like this. Public displays of anger are not allowed. But this is different: this is Japan. Nationalism works for the party right now, Mao images and all; better to keep the people focused on an enemy outside than the enemies within.By . Sarah Bridge . PUBLISHED: . 09:33 EST, 4 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:02 EST, 4 November 2013 . No-one ever said that being a celebrity was a dog's life. But the Battersea Dogs and Cats Home in south London is raising money by auctioning off a dog-walking experience with a whole host of dog-loving celebrities, including supermodel David Gandy, Oscar-winning actor Jeremy Irons and Saturdays singer and style icon Mollie King. Also getting their collars and leads ready for the exclusive one-on-one outings is Britain's Got Talent's Amanda Holden, adventurer, presenter and animal campaigner Ben Fogle, fashionista and model Daisy Lowe as well dance supremo Ashley Banjo and radio DJ Neil Fox, the proud owner of Battersea dog Bonzo. Dog-lover David Gandy, with Battersea dog Staffordshire bull terrier Coco Bean, says he can often be found helping out at the south London dogs and cats home . However the celebrities with have to get used sharing the limelight with the the real stars of the day, the four-legged friends from Battersea who will be joining in the star-studded walkies, showing off their loveable traits and stealing attention from their dog walkers wherever possible. Highest bidders in the auction at www.collarsandcoats.org.uk/ebay will win a full half hour with their favourite dog-loving celebrity, and the walks will take place in nearby Battersea Park, close to the iconic south London rescue that has cared for 3.1 million dogs and cats since it was opened in 1860. The online auction starts today and runs until midnight on Friday 8 November. It is being launched to support the charity’s annual Collars and Coats Gala Ball, a spectacular event bursting with glitz and glamour which raises money to enable Battersea to care for thousands of lost and abandoned dogs and cats. Now in its fifth year, this year’s Hollywood themed event will be hosted by Battersea Ambassadors Amanda Holden and Paul O’Grady. Saturday's singer and style icon Mollie King, pictured with her maltipoo dog Alfie, is one of nine celebrities putting themselves up for auction in aid of Battersea Dogs and Cats home . Holden is looking forward to her walk with some Battersea dogs. She said, 'It is such an honour for me to be supporting Battersea at the Collars and Coats Gala Ball again this year. As a Battersea Ambassador I want to support the charity in any way I can and all the money raised through the auction will help more deserving animals find new loving homes. I am really excited about going on my walkies with a couple of gorgeous Battersea dogs and a lucky winner.' One of the most popular dog-walking celebrities is a dog himself. Pudsey won Britain's Got Talent last year with his owner Ashleigh Butler, and has since performed for the Queen. Ashleigh and Pudsey on their way to winning Britain's Got Talent 2012 . Said Ashleigh: 'Every dog deserves a loving home and Battersea does a fantastic job helping lost and abandoned dogs. Pudsey and I are going to do our bit by taking part in Battersea’s eBay dog walk auction and help raise as much money as we can for homeless dogs. It’s such a fun way to raise awareness of a great cause.' Fans of television presenter Ben Fogle will love the chance to take a stroll with the adventuror and animal lover, who famously met his wife Marina while they were both walking their dogs in London's Hyde Park. Said Ben: 'As a dog lover, I whole-heartedly support Battersea’s fantastic work and so it’s an absolute honour to be able to raise much needed funds. The dogs deserve every penny we raise and I’m really looking forward to my walk with a very special rescue pup and an eBay winner.' Amanda Holden, with a Battersea dog, is one of nine celebrities putting themselves up for auction . DJ Neil Fox and his beloved pet Bonzo, a former Battersea dog . Model and fashion designer Daisy Lowe is often photographed walking her dog. Daisy said, 'My dog Monty means the absolute world to me, so to be able to support Battersea in giving a second chance to lost and abandoned dogs is an absolute joy.' Claire Horton, Battersea’s chief executive said, 'It is such a fantastic auction prize, with so many wonderful famous faces getting involved and showing their love for our four-legged friends. It’s what walkies dreams are made of and best of all, all money raised will help the thousands of homeless dogs, and cats, we care for every year.' To find out more and to bid go to www.collarsandcoats.org.uk/ebay .Jellyfish, a common summertime nuisance, may be more dangerous than once thought. The sea creatures have been around for half a billion years - and new information alleges that they are growing in numbers, killing people and wreaking havoc in the oceans. Lisa-ann Gershwin's book 'Stung! On Jellyfish and the Future of the Oceans,' describes the danger jellyfish pose and how they have overrun various ecosystems. Much of the species' success, she says is based on their life cycle. 'Hermaphroditism. Cloning. External fertilization. Self fertilization. Courtship and copulation. Fission. Fusion. Cannibalism. You name it, jellyfish [are] "doing it,"' she says. Jellyfish, like the ones seen in this file photo, are growing in numbers, even as other species die and are wiped out . One jellyfish, the Mnemiopsis, is able to lay eggs when it is just 13 days old without needing a mate. It soon is able to lay 10,000 eggs per day. It also can eat over ten times its own body weight in food and can double in size each day. Other jellyfish are extremely difficult to kill. When faced with death, some can 'de-grow' - which means that 'they reduce in size, but their bodies remain in proportion,' the New York Review of Books says. Another species, the zombie jelly, is seemingly immortal. When its particles disintegrate, cells escape and form an entirely new jelly. This period of growth happens within five days. Jellyfish have been strengthening their numbers and now appear at beaches all over the world, like in this file photo . Complex ecosystems, Gershwin says, at what have kept the jellyfish at bay. However, she claims that human involvement and manipulation have catapulted their growth and helped their numbers to explode. Gershwin claims that overfishing anchovies, which compete with jellyfish for food, have created swarms of the sea creatures in South Africa. Jellyfish competitors quickly die out, leaving a 'stingy-slimy killing field,' she says. Plastic bags and drift lines may also destroy the few natural jellyfish predators, like sea turtles. Jellyfish also use hard litter, like industrial waste, to form expansive nurseries. Rising acid and carbon dioxide levels have been noted to kill off many fish species. Jellyfish, however, reportedly thrive in these harsh environments. They release waste with high carbon levels -- which bacteria use to create 'carbon dioxide factories,' Gershwin says. One example is the Gulf of Mexico -- in 2000, jellyfish took over an area of sixty square miles. They survived the damage wrought by Hurricane Katrina and the 2011 oil spill, when thousands of other species died. Jellyfish have thrived in the harsh Gulf of Mexico, as seen in this undated file photo, while thousands of other species have died . These combined factors, she says, are what have allowed jellyfish to take over 'one bite at a time.''[There will be] no coral reefs teeming with life. No more mighty whales or wobbling penguins. No lobsters or oysters,' Gershwin says. Jellyfish, like both the box jelly and Irukandji species, have taken dozens of lives. Box jellies can kill within two minutes, the New York Review of Books reports. Irukandji, which can cause extreme cramps, spasms, and vomiting, have taken countless victims. Many deaths are misdiagnosed as strokes and heart attacks. In groups, jellyfish 'have an uncanny knack for getting stuck,' Gershwin writes. They can get sucked in and latch on to heavy structures. In July 2006, jellyfish were sucked into the US Ronald Reagan, wiping out onboard capabilities. Japanese power plants have been 'under attack' from jellyfish since the 1960s, claims the New York Review of Books. The damage may be permanent, Gershwin says. 'I think I underestimated how severely we have damaged our oceans and their inhabitants. I now think that we have pushed them too far [...] without us knowing the precise moment it all became irreversible.' Jellyfish, like the Japanese Sea Nettles seen in this file photo, beat their competitors for food and thrive in carbon-heavy environments .(CNN) -- Progress against global diseases is typically slow, incremental and hard-won. But there are moments -- such as Wednesday's release of the World Health Organization's World Malaria Report -- when the cumulative effort of dozens of nations, millions of people and billions of dollars adds up to a true breakthrough. With the new report, we have turned a corner in the malaria fight. We have reduced the rate of deaths from malaria among children under 5 by 51% from 2000 to 2012 -- halfway to our goal of ending death by mosquito bite. For the first time, the number of children dying from this preventable and treatable disease fell below half a million. Progress against malaria is responsible for fully 20% of the reduction in child mortality since 2000. Malaria control has saved 3.3 million lives since 2000 -- 3 million of them children under 5. This progress stands out as one of the great success stories in global health, even in human history. It's especially impressive when you consider that malaria has been with us since the dawn of man and, by some accounts, has killed more people than any other cause in human history: more than war, famine or any other disease. Despite today's progress, malaria remains one of the biggest impediments to saving lives, improving health and unlocking human potential in much of the developing world. It threatens 3.4 billion people -- roughly half the globe -- and is a leading cause of school and work absenteeism in sub-Saharan Africa. Malaria literally sucks the lifeblood (energy, livelihood and productivity) from the African continent. I often compare the malaria fight to the moonshot. Both are human milestones, measures of our progress as a species and a society. And both were made possible by U.S. vision and leadership. The seeds of today's progress were sown under President George W. Bush with the launch of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria in 2002 and the U.S. President's Malaria Initiative in 2005. These efforts have accelerated under President Barack Obama, who has expanded the initiative and recently committed to provide $1 to the Global Fund for every $2 contributed by the rest of the world, up to $5 billion by 2016. These investments are paying off, not only in children's lives saved but also in promoting stable, productive nations by keeping children in school, workers at their jobs and families financially secure. As former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton recently said, "fighting malaria is not only the right thing to do, it's also the smart thing." Much of the progress to date comes from expanded access to simple tools such as insecticide-treated mosquito nets, and we must maintain high levels of coverage. But how do we end the other 50% of child deaths? How do we ensure that no child dies from a mosquito bite and that we ultimately eradicate this disease from the planet? The answer comes down to three cheap, revolutionary tools. The first is a rapid diagnostic test, or RDT. Until a few years ago, there was no practical way to get a timely, accurate diagnosis for malaria. If someone thought they might have malaria, they had to travel to a distant clinic that had an expensive microscope -- and a trained lab technician who would examine a drop of blood under a microscope -- and hope the doctor read it right. Enter the RDT. This simple, 50-cent device tells you in a matter of minutes with 99% accuracy if you have the malaria parasite in your body. There are now 200 million of these tests deployed in Africa each year, and they're transforming the fight against malaria -- driving timely treatment and ensuring people who have other illnesses -- such as pneumonia or respiratory infection -- get the lifesaving care they need. The second tool is malaria treatment: artemisinin-based combination therapies, or ACTs. It costs less than $1 to deliver a full course of lifesaving treatment to a child in Africa. And the simple fact is: If a child with malaria gets this $1 worth of medicine in time, he or she will not die. At Malaria No More, we're helping to close the testing and treatment gaps in Africa through our new Power of One campaign, where every dollar provides a lifesaving test and treatment. The third tool may surprise you: a mobile phone. There's a mobile revolution under way in Africa. By 2015, there'll be more than 1 billion mobile phones on the continent. They're not only transforming communication and commerce but also how we fight communicable disease. Mobile is helping us solve a whole slew of problems in the malaria fight: address health facilities that have a shortage of lifesaving treatments by providing timely updates on stock levels, fight counterfeit drugs by enabling consumers to text a code to confirm a malaria treatment is authentic, expand the reach of health education to ensure people sleep under their mosquito nets and provide the real-time data on malaria cases that is the prerequisite for strategies to eliminate the disease. These tools are helping us work faster, smarter and more cost effectively. With their help -- and continued investment -- we can write malaria into the history books. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Martin Edlund.By . Sophie Borland Health Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 19:40 EST, 10 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 04:31 EST, 11 December 2012 . Concerned: Care services minister Norman Lamb says there needs to be 'complete culture change' Care institutions where vulnerable patients are dumped for years on end will be shut down in the wake of the Winterbourne View scandal. Ministers want to end the practice of sending adults and children with learning disabilities to private hospitals and care homes that are often hundreds of miles from where they used to live. Instead, they want them to be looked after in their own homes or smaller residential centres nearby. The plans have been drawn up in the wake of the abuse of residents at Winterbourne View, a private hospital for adults with learning difficulties near Bristol. Last year a BBC Panorama documentary exposed how staff routinely tortured and abused vulnerable patients. The facility has since been closed and six staff jailed. Although the Government does not think abuse on this scale is widespread, there is concern that hundreds of patients are being poorly looked after in similar institutions. Many are sedated with high-dose drugs or forcefully held down if they become upset and aggressive. There are currently 1,200 adults and children with learning disabilities placed in what are known as assessment and treatment centres. But over the next two years the Government wants to reduce the number of patients to between 300 and 400, and to ensure that they only stay for a few weeks at a time. Instead, ministers want local councils and NHS bodies to enable patients to be looked after in their own homes or to be housed in small, local, centres. Care services minister Norman Lamb said: ‘There has to be a complete culture change. Would we tolerate someone with cancer getting the wrong sort of treatment or wrong sort of care? ‘No, we wouldn’t, and yet for too long we have tolerated people with learning disabilities being put in the wrong settings. Scandal: A BBC Panorama documentary last year exposed abuse at Winterbourne View private hospital in Bristol . Abuse: The investigation exposed how vulnerable patients suffered terrible treatment . ‘They are living in large hospitals, completely inappropriately, where they are put under stress and strain, where their behaviour is inevitably affected.’ Many of these hospitals are privately owned and ministers fear they may be ‘profiting from others’ misery’. They want the owners and boards of directors at these firms to face prosecution if the hospital is found to be abusing or neglecting patients. Mr Lamb added: ‘When you look at Winterbourne View, the people who committed the abuse and the assaults were convicted, but what about the people making the money from that company?’ The Government has also instructed the Care Quality Commission watchdog to carry out unannounced inspections of these hospitals next year. Those found to be failing will be closed down and staff will face prosecution. And in June 2014, NHS organisations and councils will have to have drawn up a care-plan for each patient based on their needs. In most cases these will state they should be looked after in their own home or local residential centre. Organisations will have to provide a ‘justification’ whenever people continue to be housed in a hospital.It has a history of colonial control spanning centuries. Located south of the Italian island of Sicily between Europe and North Africa, it has been occupied by Phoenicians, Greeks, Romans, Arabs and latterly France and Britain. Independence from Britain was achieved in 1964, after the Maltese people were awarded the George Cross for defending the island during the Second World War. Over the centuries, Malta's strategic position fostered its development as an important trading post and it remains a leading centre for container and freight transhipment. Malta is a popular holiday destination and tourism is the nation's main source of income. Population 419,000 Area 316 sq km (122 sq miles) Major languages Maltese, English Major religion Christianity Life expectancy 78 years (men), 82 years (women) Currency euro President: Marie-Louise Coleiro Preca Marie-Louise Coleiro Preca was elected Malta's ninth president in April 2014 with the unanimous approval of parliament. She is the country's youngest serving president and the second woman to hold the post. Before becoming head of state she was minister of the family and social solidarity. She has been active in national politics for the past forty years and was general secretary of the Malta Labour Party from 1982 until 1991. Prime Minister: Joseph Muscat Joseph Muscat became premier in March 2013 after his Labour Party won a national election, returning to power after 15 years in opposition. Labour was previously in government between 1996 and 1998. Mr Muscat was aged 39 when he took office. At the age of 21 he was appointed to the national executive of the Labour Party. He has worked on the party's radio and TV stations and on the party's online newspaper "Malta Star". Many of Malta's newspapers and broadcasters have strong political affiliations. Dailies and weeklies appear in Maltese and English. Maltese radio began in the mid-1930s, partly to counter Fascist propaganda broadcasts from Italy. Some key dates in Malta's history: 1814 - Malta becomes a crown colony of the British Empire. 1939-1945 - Malta suffers heavy bombing by German and Italian air forces targeting Allied bases. 1964 - Full independence. 1974 - Malta becomes republic. 2004 - Joins the European Union. 2008 - Malta adopts the euro.Sri Lanka's police have arrested 37 nationals, turned back by Australian authorities on the high seas after attempting to seek asylum. Superintendent Ajith Rohana said Australia's coastguard intercepted the trawler carrying the Sri Lankans near the Indonesian coast, before handing the asylum-seekers over to Sri Lanka's navy on Thursday. 'The boat left Sri Lanka on November 1,' Rohana said, adding that six children were among the passengers. 37 asylum-seekers whose boat was turned back by Australia after being intercepted in Indonesian waters this week, have been arrested by Sri Lanka's police . 'Investigations are being conducted by the anti-people smuggling unit of the CID (Criminal Investigation Department),' Rohana said. 'They are being held in custody, but will be taken before a magistrate shortly.' The asylum-seekers are the first group to be turned back by the Australian Navy since July, when a boat with 41 Sri-Lankan nationals was intercepted west of the Cocos (Keeling) Islands. Sri Lanka has since charged them with illegally leaving the country and their cases are due to be taken up in court next May. Sri Lankan asylum seekers sent back by Australia in July cover their faces as they wait to enter a magistrate's court in the southern port district of Galle Sri Lanka has charged them with leaving the country illegally and said those found guilty would face 'rigorous imprisonment.' PM Tony Abbott came to power in September last year vowing to stop asylum-seekers undertaking dangerous voyages on rickety boats to reach Australia. As part of its hard-line border protection policy, Australia has since gifted two former customs vessels to Sri Lanka to help its navy stop boats leaving the island's shores. Australia faces international criticism over its treatment of boat people, who are denied resettlement in Australia and sent to camps in Papua New Guinea and the Pacific state of Nauru. Asylum seekers from Sri Lanka hold up signs on a ship in Bintan island, Riau province July 10, 2011 . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.The 34-year-old stars as a successful investment banker who has to rebuild his life after his wife is killed in a car crash. Directed by French-Canadian Jean-Marc Vallee, the tragicomedy also stars Naomi Watts, Chris Cooper and newcomer Judah Lewis. Almost 400 films will be screened at the festival over the next 11 days. Introducing the world premiere of Demolition on stage, Vallee said his latest project was "probably the most rock 'n' roll film I've ever made". "I think we can set the tone of this festival with the noise that we make tonight," he said. The director praised Gyllenhaal's performance in the film, saying: "There's nothing he hasn't done or tried. "You'll see him dance, you'll see him sing - he went everywhere, surprising me all the time." Demolition brings Vallee back to TIFF for a third consecutive year, following Dallas Buyers Club - which earned Matthew McConaughey an Oscar - and last year's Wild, which saw Reese Witherspoon nominated for the best actress Academy award. "You seem to love the films that I make - I want to come back again," Vallee joked. Also receiving its world premiere on Thursday was Michael Moore's first film in six years, Where to Invade Next. A satire of US military power, the controversial director made the film in secret and it was not known he had made it until it was announced on TIFF's programme. Traditionally seen as the start of awards season - with film companies keen to kick-off their Oscar campaigns at the festival - TIFF will culminate with its own awards ceremony. In past years, 12 Years a Slave, The King's Speech, Slumdog Millionaire and American Beauty have won the top People's Choice Award before going on to win the best picture Oscar. Last year's prize - which is voted for by the ticket-buying public - went to Alan Turing biopic The Imitation Game.The Belfast Telegraph's exclusive about a boy who battled a brain condition, and was injured in a petrol bomb attack in Newtownabbey dominates its front page. Speaking to the paper, the boy's mother, Danielle Thompson, explains his surgery scars were scorched by flames when the family were trying to flee their home. She says the fire caught four-year-old Cruz's head, causing scars from one of three life-saving operations to erupt in blisters. The Irish News goes big on a claim that five Orange Halls have been awarded grants under a controversial Stormont scheme after applying as cultural, educational or historical societies. The paper attributes the details to the Department for Communities and says details provided by them show a pledge of Â£104,000 for upgrades to the halls. The scheme has been criticised by nationalists after it emerged that dozens of loyal order and band halls were offered grants of up to Â£25,000. Last week, the Irish News reported the department had also promised Â£25,000 to the County Antrim based Randalstown Ulster Scots Cultural Society, but the address given for the group, Number 10 Portglenone Road, Randalstown, was not listed on Royal Mail's "postal address file". Inside, the Irish News carries a story about a County Tyrone boy who is fighting life-threatening epilepsy in the United States. It reports Billy Caldwell, 11, is recovering after being placed in an induced coma in Los Angeles. Cannabis oil - an illegal form of treatment in the UK - is being used by medical professionals to help lessen Billy's symptoms, the paper reports. The Irish News also dedicates a double-page spread to reaction to President Trump's travel ban, detailing demonstrations held across the UK on Monday. It reports growing pressure on Theresa May to say whether she was aware of Donald Trump's plans during her American visit. The News Letter reports that a prosecution decision on a man whose palm print was allegedly found on a getaway vehicle used in the Kingsmills massacre is set to be announced within two weeks. It says the Public Prosecution Service had written to Coroner Brian Sherrard to inform him that a decision on whether a case will be taken against the suspect is imminent. The already long-delayed inquest into the murders of 10 Protestant workmen killed in rural south Armagh in 1976 was again put on hold last year with the dramatic announcement that detectives had apparently matched the palm print to an individual.By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 06:52 EST, 3 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 08:09 EST, 3 September 2012 . An 82-year-old woman who has a criminal record stretching back to 1955 is back behind bars after being accused of raiding a string of doctors' offices. Doris Thompson, who has had 25 aliases over her 55-year crime spree, is facing possible charges over eight burglaries in Torrance, California. Torrance Police Sgt Robert Watt claims Thompson would enter medical offices and hide until closing before searching for the keys to the cash box. It is said she made off with around $17,000. Career criminal: 82-year-old Doris Thompson (pictured) is facing her latest charges in a crime spree that dates back to 1955 . The pensioner was arrested after a detective recognised her distinctive wiry grey hair, which has been likened to that of boxing promoter Don King, on a video that allegedly caught her in the act. She is being held on $80,000 bail after being arrested at an El Segundo hotel, it was reported on KTLA.com. More... Couple arrested after suspected burglars were shot at their rural home 'had been robbed three or four times' Talk about sticky fingers! Brazen thieves steal up to $30 MILLION worth of maple syrup (but what are they going to do with it?) Thompson has a 20-page rap sheet which starts with her first-known arrest in 1955 for disturbing the peace. Since then, she has been apprehended 34 times, convicted of several thefts and a forgery. Unmistakeable: Thompson was arrested after a detective recognised her allegedly caught in the act on security video because of her distinctive wiry grey hair, which has been likened to that of famous boxing promoter Don King (above) According to Thompson has been imprisoned at least nine times for burglary in Los Angeles and Orange counties. She even managed a prison escape, in 1984, while serving a 30-day term. Her . last offence was two years ago when she was caught prying open drawers . with a screwdriver at the Children's Medical Group before taking $400 in . cash and checks, and a plastic urine container with a total value of . about $1,400. 'Made off with $17,000': Officers at Torrance Police (above) claim Thompson would enter medical offices and hide until closing before searching for the keys to the cash box . After pleading guilty, she thanked the judge for sentencing her to three years in prison. Referring to her criminal strategy at the time, Los Angeles County Deputy District Attorney Paulette Paccione said: 'That's her M.O. 'What she does is she goes in with her little burglar bag. She takes cash, stamps, whatever she can find.'Campaign group Action on Hearing Loss said the poll of 1,000 adults also showed a third would ignore the "safe level" on their music players. The group warns that people doing either increase the risk of tinnitus. DJ Paul Oakenfold urged people to wear ear defenders to gigs and to "turn down the volume". Half of those surveyed said they listened to music for between one and six hours a day - up to a third of their waking day - perhaps in the background at work or on their MP3 player on their way to and from work or studies. But one in five would not do anything differently to take any care of their hearing. Action on Hearing Loss warned that one in 10 people across the UK is affected by tinnitus every day, ranging from a "light buzzing" to a "constant roar" in the ears and head. It can affect everything from the ability to concentrate at work to getting to sleep at night. The poll also found that one in 10 people does not know what tinnitus is, with 3% thinking it was "big ears" and 4% a "repetitive strain injury". It has created an audio version of what tinnitus sounds like in order to raise awareness. Paul Breckell, chief executive of Action on Hearing Loss, said: "Listening to loud music for a long time can trigger tinnitus and is an indication of damaged hearing. "Most people have experienced tinnitus, but those who are severely affected can experience fear, anxiety and feelings of helplessness that affect their quality of life. "Currently there is no cure for tinnitus. As a charity we are doing all we can to fund research into treatments, and in the meantime offer support to people who suffer." Paul Oakenfold, the DJ and record producer, is supporting the campaign. He said: "I feel passionately about listening to music safely, and urge music lovers to wear ear defenders to gigs and avoid dangerously high volumes on personal music players. "Getting decent noise-cancelling headphones also cuts down the risk of damaging your ears and suffering tinnitus caused by overexposure to loud music. No-one wants that."France took the lead in the mixed team event as Richard Gasquet beat Jack Sock 6-3 5-7 7-6 (8-6) in the men's match. But the United States levelled thanks to Coco Vandeweghe's 6-4 7-5 win over Kristina Mladenovic in the women's tie. That set up a deciding doubles match, with Gasquet and Mladenovic triumphing 4-1 4-3 (5-0) to deny the United States what would have been a seventh title. France's only previous success in the Hopman Cup came in 2014, when Alize Cornet and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga beat the Polish duo of Agnieszka Radwanska and Grzegorz Panfil. Great Britain had a team in this year's competition but Dan Evans and Heather Watson went out in the group phase after losing against Switzerland, France and Germany. Find out how to get into tennis in our special guide.By . John Stevens for the Daily Mail . Furious passengers stranded on a Ryanair flight called police from the tarmac after being left for hours without food or drink. More than 100 travellers, including children, had already faced a long wait to board the delayed flight from Stansted to Porto in Portugal. Three hours later, the plane was still on the ground. Tired and hungry, they asked flight attendants for food and water but were refused. Scroll down for video . Row: A police officer boarded the Ryanair plane at Stansted Airport after passengers were left waiting on the tarmac for three hours. Their flight to Porto eventually took off 11 hours late . Frustration soon turned to anger, . with mutinous passengers confronting cabin crew and many phoning police. One passenger claimed up to 50 calls were made. Officers . finally boarded the plane and passengers were allowed to get off and . wait in the airport terminal. By this time, they had spent more than . three hours on the jet without refreshments. The plane finally took off after a mammoth 11-hour delay. Anger: Passengers stand on the plane in the early hours of last Saturday morning. They were eventually allowed back into the terminal building at 3.45am . Anger: Passengers on the Ryanair flight protested that they were left without food or water - and were not even offered the chance to buy it . Police response: Officers arranged for the passengers to be allowed back into the terminal building . Delays: Passengers on the Ryanair flight wait inside the Stansted terminal last Friday before they were called onto the plane for the first time. In total, they faced 11 hours of delays . The . drama comes weeks after Ryanair boss Michael O’Leary pledged to treat . passengers better and ‘stop p****** people off unnecessarily’. Flight . FR8347 had been due to take off at 8.25pm last Friday but when the . passengers checked in for the two-hour 20 minute flight, they were told . there were delays because of adverse weather. They waited nearly four . hours before they boarded the plane just after midnight. 8.30pm - Friday February 14 - Ryanair flight from Stansted to Porto was due to take off but passengers are told there are delays because of adverse . 10.25pm - The flight is delayed because the plane had to stop to refuel in Birmingham . 11.45pm - Passengers are told to go to the gate. 12.15am - Saturday February 15 - Passengers board the plane and face a long wait . 3am - They are still on the plane . 3.25am - Police board the plane and agree to help the passengers get off . 3.45am - 'Police break into the terminal building' which has closed and let the passengers in . 6am - Passengers are told to get back on the plane as it prepares to take-off . 8am - The plane finally departs for Porto 11 hours late . That . was when their real ordeal began. Passenger João Pinheiro posted a . video diary of the scenes on You Tube, which has since received nearly . 500,000 views. In the . video, passengers can be seen begging the cabin crew for assistance. ‘There is nothing to eat or drink,’ one man shouts to a male steward. ‘You are ignoring your passengers who are asking for help. Aren’t you . flight attendants? Is everybody crazy?’ A . woman passenger says: ‘You won’t let us eat or drink even if we pay? We . can’t leave the aircraft either?’ Another pleads: ‘There is a baby on . board.’ The video claims the passengers asked for food, water and for . the air conditioning to be turned on at 1am, but that this was refused. A . police car with flashing lights can be seen outside the aircraft before . an officer boards and tells passengers they will be allowed to leave . the plane. After the video . emerged, Ryanair issued an apology but claimed that passengers had been . given water on the plane and said the captain had also called the police . for assistance. Last . night a spokesman for Swissport said: ‘Swissport staff were under . extreme pressure dealing with an unprecedented level of flights and . whilst we accept we should have unloaded the passengers sooner we simply . had no one available to unload when contacted by the captain. Swissport . regret any delay to passengers and to Ryanair.’ A Ryanair spokesman said “due to strong winds across the South of England (14 Feb) over 20 other airlines' aircraft were forced to divert into Stansted from Heathrow Airport, and this significantly impacted operations at Stansted. This Ryanair flight from London Stansted to Porto was delayed due to this and was then further delayed due to a fuelling issue at the airport. Passengers on this flight were disembarked and provided with refreshment vouchers. The aircraft departed the following morning at 7.50am. Ryanair sincerely apologised to all passengers affected by these adverse weather delays, which were outside of our control. With this flight and every flight, we always work hard to get our customers to their destination.” Flight: The short flight to Porto from Stansted should usually take just two hours 20 minutes . Disembark: Passengers are allowed off the plane at 3.45am last Saturday morning - but they were told to get back on around two hours later . Terminal delays: Passengers wait inside the terminal building at around 4am - their flight eventually took off four hours later after an 11-hour delay . Loudmouth Ryanair businessman Michael O'Leary promised to 'stop unnecessarily p****** passengers off' after profits slumped last year. His budget airline are famed for charging low fares but bringing in extra revenue by hitting flyers with extortionate charges to put a bag in the hold. Other passengers have been hit with sky-high charges at the airport for failing to print off their boarding passes at home. Hauled off: A Ryanair passenger is led off a flight in Valencia, Spain, by the police because she was carrying the wrong sort of hand luggage . In one incident, Spanish police hauled a woman off a plane in Valencia, Spain, before it took off because she had the 'wrong type of hand luggage'. Spanish newspapers said she was judged to have broken the airline’s rule of boarding with only a small package because she was carrying a scroll, which would not fit in her case, and a book. Footage of the incident in 2012 shows the Spanish woman begging to be let on board . as other passengers shout 'shameful, shameful'. Last month, furious French Ryanair passengers launched a revolt and stole from the drink trolley after being faced with 24-hour delay following an emergency landing. Their plane to Paris took off from Rabat, in Morocco, before being forced to land in Madrid because of a medical emergency. It was too late for the flight to land in Paris because of night restrictions by the time it took off again - so the plane stopped in Nantes instead. Passengers were put on a bus to their destination the next day. In May last year, a Ryanair flight was diverted 200 miles to another airport away from its Greek holiday island destination because the pilot said it was 'too dark to land'. The flight from London Stansted to Kefalonia landed at Thessaloniki airport on the Greece mainland instead as a result of the problems. Eventually it flew on to its destination after a two-hour delay.There was never any question over what Claire Rumble would call her daughter when she was born last month. It was always going to be Rosie, the name of the specialist nurse who looked after her big brother Louis during his three-and-half year battle with leukaemia. 'Deciding on the name was easy,' explains Claire. 'My husband James and I have never met anyone like Rosie — it was a tiny gesture of thanks for everything she’s done.' Three months earlier, five-year-old Louis had finally finished his treatment and was declared cancer-free. Heroic: Nurse Rosie Chisnell (right) has been nominated for a Health Hero Award by Claire Rumble (left) But it was the empathy and the many extra hours Rosie Chisnell put in helping the anxious family along their journey that has earned her a nomination for the Daily Mail Health Hero award. 'Other nurses clock in and off, Rosie is a constant. There’s no one else like her,' says Claire, a 34-year-old accountant. The family, who live in Hemel Hempstead, in Hertfordshire, first met Rosie in September 2009, after a terrifying five days when Louis became suddenly and desperately ill. 'One day he was fine, playing with his twin sister Grace, then suddenly he stopped eating, was pale, exhausted and crying through the night for no apparent reason,' recalls Claire. 'When angry purple bruises appeared all over his body we rushed him to hospital.'' Just 12 hours after a barrage of tests at Watford General Hospital doctors revealed the shocking diagnosis: the 19-month-old had leukaemia. 'You can’t imagine what being told your son has cancer feels like,' says Claire. 'The world just stops.' As the hospital’s paediatric oncology nurse, Rosie, 56, was there at the diagnosis. 'For the next two hours Rosie sat with us explaining everything in great depth, fielding our questions and laying everything out clearly and honestly. 'I remember asking her whether Louis was going to die and she said: "His condition is fully treatable." She couldn’t say no, but she has a natural way of reassuring you. It wasn’t until later that I realised her shift had actually finished at 5pm, six hours earlier. She’d stayed to help us.' It was just the first of many such gestures that demonstrated Rosie’s extraordinary dedication to her young patients. 'Rosie would often call us at 9pm, hours after she should have left, with Louis’s blood results. We’d say: "What are you doing, go home," but she’d just laugh and say she had a list of patients she needed to call.' Tragic: Cancer takes a particularly grim toll on children who find chemotherapy extremely hard . Support: Sick children, such as this little girl at Great Ormond Street hospital, need extra care . From day one the Rumble family had her mobile number. 'Children aren’t ill nine to five, Monday to Friday,' explains Rosie. 'I would hate to think something might happen and a family couldn’t get hold of me.' Claire and James, a 37-year-old aircraft engineer, frequently had to call Rosie late at night when Louis developed croup — a fierce barking cough — because of his weak immune system. 'I’d be beside myself, worrying whether he needed to be rushed into hospital or not. Knowing she was there, a phone call away, was a huge emotional support and stopped me flying into a blind panic.' Once Louis accidentally pulled out his nasogastric tube — a tube inserted via the nose into the stomach to administer medication. Unfortunately, it was on a weekend when Rosie wasn’t working, but she knew putting it back would be a traumatic experience for a child, so dropped everything and drove the 40 minutes from home to the hospital to do the procedure herself. 'I just couldn’t believe it. You don’t expect a nurse to do things like that, especially on their weekend off,' says Claire. 'We knew we had someone special in our corner.' In February 2010, Louis developed an infection which meant he had to go to hospital twice a day for antibiotic treatment until it cleared. For a child so young, it was a horrible experience: 'I’d lift him, asleep, from his cot and he’d start crying pleading: ‘No go, Mummy, no go.’ It was heart breaking.' The next day Rosie called to say not to take Louis to hospital as she was coming to their house with the equipment to teach Claire how to administer the intravenous antibiotics at home. 'I couldn’t believe anyone could be so kind. She arrived with a great crate of equipment and stayed until almost midnight, showing me exactly how it all worked; the pump, the syringes, everything. 'Louis’s face lights up when he sees her and when he was in hospital if he heard her heels click-clacking down the corridor he would sit up in bed. 'She’d chase him around the ward on hands and knees, despite her dress and heels (she doesn’t ‘do’ trousers) and treat him with such care and affection, explaining everything so he wouldn’t be scared. Health Hero: Do you know any heroic healthcare workers who deserve an award? Make your nomination below . 'Postman Pat would always be put on the TV when she was taking blood samples and she’d administer a bowl of Cheerios, another favourite, if he wasn’t eating. 'Whatever Rosie said, Louis would do. Grace, as his twin, could have felt left out but Rosie included her in everything, even letting her occasionally stay overnight in hospital with him as a sleepover. 'For a parent, you can’t underestimate the impact of having someone like Rosie around. I’d have spent days stewing over Louis’s health, endlessly worrying, but Rosie being just a phone call away meant I was less anxious and felt more in control. She helped me and James to focus on the practicalities of his treatment and be better parents.' So what drives this kind of dedication? 'It’s the children,' Rosie explains. 'They’re a model to us all. They just get on with it, the good and the bad. If I can improve their lives, or their families, even a bit, I’m happy. 'I know in this job I can make a difference. I’ve always loved children and got on with them easily and even as a little girl knew I wanted to be a nurse.' Rosie, who is married to Ian, a solicitor, never had children of her own, a conscious decision because of her career. 'Ian and I both work very hard. I’ve trained and worked in healthcare, specialising in paediatrics since I was 19. I have a wonderful niece, two nephews and lots of children at the hospital to keep me busy.' Rosie is adamant that she wouldn’t be able to provide such high standards of care without the help of her colleagues. 'I couldn’t be nearly so flexible without a strong team behind me.' One member of that team is Vasanta Nanduri, a consultant paediatric oncologist who has worked with Rosie for the last 18 years. She says: 'She’s my right hand, a great friend with far too much energy and someone I trust implicitly. 'But it’s her knowledge and dedication to the children which is so impressive. She works out of hours, late into the night. She rarely takes a holiday, even though we try to make her. If she does, she writes 50-page handover notes. She’s a real inspiration. Everyone on the ward looks up to her.' Sentiments echoed by Claire. 'It will be a sad day when Rosie retires and I feel sorry for the families who won’t get to meet her. We felt lucky every day that she was around and now we’ll always be reminded of her kindness by baby Rosie.' For more information go to childrenwithcancer.org.uk . Do you know a health hero? The Daily . Mail, in association with ITV’s This Morning and Lloyds Pharmacy, is . asking you to nominate health workers who’ve made a real difference to . your life, or to a loved one. There will be five finalists selected by . judges for the outstanding difference they’ve made to people’s lives. Each of the finalists will be honoured with an all-expenses paid VIP . trip to London, staying in a five-star hotel, and attendance at the . Health Hero Awards Gala Dinner. The prize for the Health Hero Of The . Year is a luxury break up to the value of £5,000. You can make your nomination online at dailymail.co.uk/healthheroes .Matthew Tvrdon, 33, was psychotic and hallucinating when he went on a "journey of mayhem" on 19 October 2012, at five locations. He had stopped taking his medication, Health Inspectorate Wales (HIW) said. It identified shortcomings in his care and a lack of monitoring of his condition leading up to the tragedy. Karina Menzies, 32, from the Ely area, was struck while walking with two of her children outside Ely fire station. She pushed them out of the way before the van driven by Tvrdon hit her. Tvrdon, who was suffering from paranoid schizophrenia, later admitted her manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility. He also pleaded guilty to seven counts of attempted murder and other charges including three counts of grievous bodily harm with intent during the incident which took place over eight miles of the city as parents were on the school run. He told police on arrest he had targeted his victims because he mistakenly believed they had previously "gaslighted" him - a form of mental abuse that causes victims to doubt their own memory, perception and sanity. On Thursday a report by HIW said that given the circumstances, it was difficult to see how Ms Menzies' death could have been prevented and it could not have been predicted. The review said Tvrdon came from a stable and "very caring" family from Roath in Cardiff and only developed behavioural concerns while at university in 2002. He was forced to drop out and in 2003 was sectioned at Whitchurch Hospital, Cardiff. It said he was psychotic and was under the care of Cardiff and Vale University Health Board from 2003 until 2012. During that time he was sectioned in hospital four time, the final time in 2007, but he had never made any threats against members of the public. The report said Tvrdon appeared to be "well and in the phase of recovery" and was working full time at Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs (HMRC) when he was seen for what was to be the final time by a consultant psychiatrist in October 2011 - a year before the tragedy. He was advised to continue to take his medication for another year before gradually cutting it down until he stopped. But it later emerged Tvrdon had stopped taking his medication almost immediately and had not been seen by any mental health services in the year before he went on the rampage in Cardiff. The report said he had a history of not taking his medication and was reluctant to work with mental health services because he felt there was the stigma attached to it. It said that when he did take his medication, he responded well and was able to have normal relationships and a job - but a relapse was likely if he stopped. However, the severity of his condition was not properly communicated with his GP surgery, the report found. It said mental health teams and GPs did not monitor Tvrdon's condition fully, particularly after he was sectioned and subsequently discharged in 2007, adding that there was no system in place to establish whether his prescriptions had been collected. The report also highlighted the excessive workload of his consultant psychiatrist, who had responsibility for 300 patients, and said Tvrdon had been seen by nine GPs during his time under mental health services. It made eight recommendations, including: Despite the report's conclusion, Ms Menzies' sister Samantha said she believed more could have been done to prevent the incident. She said the family and Tvrdon were let down by mental health services who should have done more to manage his condition. "The report shows the consistency between him not taking medication and him relapsing," she said. "If this was monitored I truly believe that he wouldn't have done it." The agencies involved have accepted the report's recommendations. Adam Cairns, chief executive of the health board, said: "While the review has acknowledged that it was difficult to see how this tragedy could have been prevented we do accept that, with hindsight, there were things that all agencies involved could have done better."Washington (CNN) -- President Barack Obama got a second term from voters and another chance with Chief Justice John Roberts. After flubbing the oath in 2009, Obama and the Supreme Court's top jurist performed the honor flawlessly at the White House on Sunday at the official swearing in for the Democrat's second term. They will do it again on Monday at the Capitol before a crowd of up to 800,000 people. The Constitution mandates that U.S. presidents be sworn in on January 20. Because that fell on a Sunday this year, the public ceremony was scheduled for Monday at noon. Inauguration 2013: A viewer's guide . The dual events this time were due to a confluence of law and pomp. That was not the case four years ago when Obama and Roberts also performed the honor twice. During that inaugural, Obama and Roberts fumbled the oath before 1.8 million people. It all started when Roberts recited a seven-word phrase, but Obama broke in halfway through and repeated the first three words. That seemed to throw Roberts off, and he proceeded to mix up the order of the words in the next phrase. CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin reported in his recent book, "The Oath," that Roberts is known for his "superb memory" and had obsessively practiced reciting the words at home for weeks. Government sources told CNN and Toobin that Roberts and his staff also e-mailed their own copy of the oath to inauguration organizers weeks earlier. 13 reasons to follow the inauguration on CNN's platforms and nowhere else . Slash marks were clearly indicated to illustrate how the phrases would be divided and where Roberts would pause, to ensure the president-elect would be on the same page. No one is sure why it happened, but "the oath card never reached anyone on Barack Obama's staff," Toobin wrote. They were concerned enough about the small stumble in the sequencing of words on the inaugural platform that Obama and Roberts went through it again the next day in private in the White House Map Room - just to make sure they were square with the Constitution. Back at the White House four years later, it all went off without a glitch just before noon on Sunday. With Roberts waiting in the Blue Room, Obama strode in before a small gathering. He placed his left hand on a Bible belonging to his wife's family and raised his right hand. Roberts had the card with him and the slash marks identifying where he would pause were clearly visible. It all took less than a minute to get through the 35-word oath. Obama hugged his wife and daughters, exclaiming: "I did it!" Complete coverage: The 2013 Presidential Inauguration .England’s Golden Generation could get another chance to win the World Cup, but they will have to do it in the blistering heat of Qatar in 2016. As a test run for the real thing six years later, Qatar is set to be chosen to host the inaugural Veterans World Cup in two years time and many of the players who played for England in 2002, 2006 and 2010 would be selectable as over-35s. Organisers of the 16-team tournament, World Sport Company, have yet to confirm Qatar as the venue but managing director Jawid Bunyadi told the Aspire Global Summit in Doha this week that the Middle East was the chosen location and Qatar appears to be the favourite within that zone. VIDEO Scroll down to watch for keeper David Seaman face a penalty from Jeff Stelling . England's David Beckham reacts as he gets sent off for tripping Argentina captain Diego Simeone . Beckham is shown red by referee Kim Milton Nielsen and the former England star could face Simeone again . Beckham and Simeone, now Atletico Madrid's manager, could go head-to-head at the Veterans World Cup . It will be an early test of the air conditioning in a country where soaring temperatures have created concerns over the 2022 World Cup. The age limit on the 300 players expected to compete in the 2016 event would be 50 and the games are likely to last 35 minutes each half of a 10-minute break. The tournament will be played at the end of the European season and if it passes without incident it could end all doubts over the safety of the World Cup for real due to take place six years later. Over 300 football legends will be invited to play in the World Cup and Spain, England, Argentina and Brazil are all expected to take part. Sol Campbell, at the age of 40, is among those who would be eligible to play and represent England again . Phil Neville (left) and Gary Neville (right) would be eligible to play for England at the Veterans World Cup . Beckham is another player from England's so-called 'Golden Generation' who could play in 2016 . The ban on over-50s might rule out reunion between Terry Butcher and Diego Maradona but Diego Simeone could come face-to-face with David Beckham and David Seaman might have to face his 2002 nemesis Ronaldinho. Sol Campbell, Gary Neville and his brother, Phil, would also be eligible to represent England. Qatar are desperate to allay fears that they cannot host a big football occasion and have already won the right to host the Italian SuperCup this December. The 2016 Veterans World Cup would will also revert to a simpler format with 16 teams in four groups of four, in stark contrast to Michel Platini’s 24-team extravaganza to be played the same summer. Ronaldinho is another who could be eligible to take part at the Veterans World Cup in Qatar in 2016 . David Seaman, England's goalkeeper, could return and face his 2002 nemesis Ronaldinho once again . Seaman watches in disbelief as Brazil's Ronaldinho scores during the World Cup quarter final in 2002 . The 16-team tournament in Qatar's soaring temperatures would be a prime test for the 2022 World Cup .The Australian said he can "feel" the "long-seated rivalry" towards England as they prepare to face Ireland at Twickenham on Saturday (16:50 GMT). It is Jones' first home match after away wins over Scotland and Italy. "Maybe Clive Woodward summed it up best when he said everyone hates England - that's true," Jones said. "I'm not going to use it, but within the side they can use it. As I said when I took over, I'm not English, I'm Australian, but I will be absolutely committed to them." Jones revealed he sees Leicester centre Manu Tuilagi's future for England in the 12 shirt - once he is fully back to match fitness as he continues his return for Tigers after long-term injury. "I think inside centre is his best position. He's not a 13. That's what I know he's not. He's definitely a 12. He can carry the ball across the gain line," Jones said. "He threw a beautiful left to right pass on Friday night. And then he threw a terrible right to left, so maybe he's left handed! "He's got all the attributes to be an outstanding 12." England are level with France at the top of the Six Nations table, ahead on points difference with both sides on six points after two games. Jones continued to insist his side was a "work in progress", but praised his players for "commitment", "taking initiative" and "being independent". And he is preparing England for an aerial bombardment from two-time defending champions Ireland, adding: "They kick 70% of their ball away. If they want to do that, good luck to them. "It has worked for them. It is not the way I think you should play rugby but it has been successful for them, so good luck."(CNN) -- It's time to end the posturing and give the world's boxing fans the bout they desperately want: Manny Pacquiao versus Floyd Mayweather. That's Bob Arum's message to everyone involved in trying to navigate a way through the quagmire that is negotiations for a contest that has long been top of fight fans' wish list. Pacquiao's promoter has been in touch with Mayweather's camp to kick-start talks and finally attempt to get two of boxing's best ever fighters in the ring. Though both boxers are arguably past their prime any match up between Mayweather -- unbeaten in 45 fights across five different weights -- and Pacquiao -- an eight-division world champion with 55 wins from 62 fights -- is likely to ignite huge interest. "We've put out the olive branch saying we would welcome the start of discussions for such a fight," Top Rank chief executive officer Arum told CNN World Sport. "While Manny fights on HBO and HBO pay-per-view and Floyd fights on Showtime and Showtime pay-per-view, there is a precedent for both networks to come together and put on big event. "They did it when heavyweight Mike Tyson, who was a Showtime fighter, fought Lennox Lewis, who was an HBO fighter, a number of years ago. That was a hugely successful event and set a record for pay-per-view sales in the US. "We can't keep posturing,. If people want to make a deal and put aside egos and making statements to the press -- who was right, who was wrong -- and really sincerely want something to happen it generally gets done. "And it is my hope that's what will happen; when and if both sides sit down to discuss seriously an event the sports world is crying out for." With Mayweather approaching 37 and Pacquiao, 34, suffering two successive defeats before his most recent victory -- over Brandon Rios in Macau -- Arum acknowledges time is running out to make a deal. While the pair may not be as the pinnacle of their careers as they were when the fight was mooted three years ago, Arum still believes it would generate worldwide interest and reportedly might bring in $100 million. "I think if an event like that was made people would really flock to watch it," he added. "I think it's very fair to say the clamor is not as fervent as it was a few years ago when they were both at the height of their careers but it's still an event the public are clamoring for, perhaps not as much as three years ago but we can't roll back the clock." Pacquiao's most immediate focus in the aftermath of his victory over Rios earlier this month has been to defend himself amid accusations that he owes $50 million in unpaid taxes in his home country the Philippines. The 34-year-old's assets have been frozen, meaning he had to borrow money to help victims of Super Typhoon Haiyan that tore through the country. But Arum says the allegations amount to a "political vendetta" against Pacquiao, who is a member of congress in the Philippines, and will be ironed out shortly. "The assessment is based on fights he had in the United States and in every one of those fights -- four fights in the two years in question -- we withheld 30% of the amounts we paid him and paid those amounts to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS)," Arum explained. "We supplied the Philippine tax authorities with the schedule of our payments and receipts from the IRS. For some unknown reason they are insisting the IRS send certification of the payments. "Manny applied for those certifications a while ago and of course the IRS was bogged down partly because when the government was shut down they weren't working. There's been a hold up but I'm sure once those certifications arrive, it will all go away. "He doesn't owe anything. Under the Philippine-U.S. tax treaty, he was taxed in the U.S. for income earned in the U.S., and he gets a dollar per dollar credit against his Philippine taxes. "Once that credit it given to him they'll find there is no further tax liability in the Philippines. "I think it's great for his image because it shows the nature of politics in the Philippines. Manny Pacquiao is a member of a coalition in the Philippines that is in political opposition to the president and it seems to me as a foreigner, that this is nothing more than a political vendetta." Arum hailed Pacquiao's showdown with Rios in Macau, a province of China, as a triumph and said he is planning another event with three former Olympic gold medalists in February. Along with the emergence of fighters from Latin America and Eastern Europe, as well as the traditional boxing heartlands of the U.S. and the United Kingdom, Arum pointed to Asia as having huge potential. "Is Asia an up and coming market for everything? Of course it is," he said. "There's 1.3 billion people in China, there's fans all over Japan, Malaysia, Indonesia. There's tremendous interest in boxing and we expect to do many events in the years to come in Asia. "There will be a lot of talent in Asian fighters just as there are so many great fighters now coming out of Eastern Europe, from Russia, Ukraine and Kazakhstan. "Boxing is a world wide sport and our best fighters and champions are coming from all over. I'm very, very excited as far as the future of boxing is concerned."By . Stephen Mcgowan for the Daily Mail . Celtic have landed a £212,000 Champions League bonus — after UEFA hammered Manchester City for breaching financial fair play rules. England’s champions were fined £50million for the FFP breaches but will only pay £20million provided they comply with break-even rules in future. Paris St Germain and Zenit St Petersburg were amongst nine clubs fined and the 70 clubs who reached the Champions League and Europa League group stages will each receive Euros 265,000 (£212,000) from the penalties. Beneficiaries: Celtic are among the clubs who will receive the funds from the FFP fines . Buying: Manchester City owner Sheikh mansour shows no sign of stopping his spending spree . Similar sums will be distributed to clubs who comply with the FFP rules in this season’s European competitions – meaning Celtic will double their money next season after reaching the Europa League group stage. The deal was hammered out in talks between the European Clubs’ Association and UEFA with ECA chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge saying: ‘It was an agreement between UEFA and the clubs that it was money belonging to the clubs.’ UEFA president Michel Platini addressed the ECA conference in Geneva attended by Celtic, Rangers and Motherwell and reiterated his commitment to FFP saying: ‘We will see whether any imperfections can be ironed out and whether there is room to further improve the system.’ Parkhead chief executive Peter Lawwell also lifted an ECA best achievement in marketing award after Celtic installed state of the art wifi last season. Advantage: The money City have been fined will be redistributed to other Champions League clubs . Selling: Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho insists his side have had to become a selling club due to the rules .By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 22:01 EST, 14 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 22:01 EST, 14 February 2014 . As fans of political thriller 'House of Cards' settled in to watch season two's premiere tonight, real-life politicians were rehearsing their lines. Now This News recruited members of Congress to deliver lines originally spoken by power-hungry character Francis J. Underwood, played by Oscar winner Kevin Spacey, in the hit Netflix series. But if you thought chilling comments uttered by a malicious - but fictional - character were unsettling, just wait until you hear them repeated by people with real power. Scroll down for video . Brutal: Kevin Spacey plays the cut-throat politician Frank Underwood in hit Netflix series 'House of Cards' The popular program charts the Democratic congressman and House Majority Whip's highly intricate plan to disgrace his enemies and obtain a cabinet position after the President goes back on his promise to appoint him Secretary of State. Underwood's vengeful plotting and deep-rooted corruption has attracted the ire of some politicians - and the adoration of others. This News producer Ashley Codianni targeted six political representatives - three Democrat and three Republican - who are fans of the show to deliver some of Underwood's most memorable quotes. But, she told USA Today, it wasn't easy: 'It was particularly difficult to get members to participate.' Majority Whip, Kevin McCarthy (R-CA), opens the clip with the poignant: 'I never make such big decisions so long after sunset and so far from dawn.' Assistant Democratic Leader Jim Clyburn (D-SC) means business when he says, 'I have no patience for useless things,' while Trey Gowdy (D-SC) gets into character with a sharp, 'I have zero tolerance for betrayal.' Cold-hearted: Rep Jeff Duncan (R-SC) nails Underwood's comment to his chief of staff, Doug Stamper, 'That's how you devour a whale, Doug, one bite at a time' Quiet achiever: Underwood's chief of staff Doug Stamper (pictured), played by Michael Kelly, is a vital cog in his boss's malicious machine . Majority Whip: Just like Underwood, who speaks directly to the camera, Rep Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) puts his call on hold to say, 'I never make such big decisions so long after sunset and so far from dawn' The lines get increasingly chilling, including Donna Edwards' (D-Md.) deadpan, 'Power is a lot like real estate. Location, location, location.' Repeating a line Underwood originally directed to his chief of staff, Doug Stamper, politician Jeff Duncan (R-SC) quotes: 'That's how you devour a whale, Doug, one bite at a time.' And to end, Sen Tim Scott (R-SC) repeats this doozy, initially directed to White House chief of staff Linda Vasquez: 'The nature of promises, Linda, is that they are immune, IMMUNE, to changing circumstances.' The plot: 'House of Cards' documents Frank Underwood's fury at being betrayed by President Garrett Walker and how, with his equally malicious wife, Claire, seek to exact revenge and ultimately gain power . Tough: Sen Tim Scott (R-SC) (left) repeats one of Underwood's most scathing lines to White House Chief of Staff Linda Vasquez (right), 'The nature of promises, Linda, is that they are immune, IMMUNE, to changing circumstances' Direct: Adopting the typical Underwood stance, Rep Trey Gowdy (D-SC) declares, 'I have zero tolerance for betrayal' Participating: Channeling Democrat representative Frank Underwood, real-life Democrats Jim Clyburn (left) and Donna Edwards (right) repeated some of his killer lines with aplomb . Meanwhile, Spacey said he's heard from politicians that his portrayal of Underwood is relatively accurate. 'I've had politicians say it's very accurate, probably closer to the truth. I've had others say it's cynical and unrealistic. It depends on your perspective,' he told USA Today. 'I was surprised that Kevin McCarthy said publicly something he said to me privately: 'If I could just kill one member of Congress, I'd never have to worry about another vote'.' Let the Butchery Begin: Season 2 of the feted Netflix series 'House of Cards' begins tonight on Valentine's Day .Monaco coach Leonardo Jardim warned his players not to rest on their laurels, telling them that they face the most difficult night of their careers when they defend their 3-1 lead at Stade Louis II against Arsenal on Tuesday night. Portuguese coach Jardim emphasised the threat of Mesut Ozil and Santi Cazorla and is trying to prepare his players for an expected attacking onslaught from Arsenal, with the Barclays Premier League side needing to at least three goals to go through in the Champions League tie. Jardim said: 'At this stage we're now at half-time and we're two goals ahead but it's true that our opponents have so many quality players in their squad. So it will be very difficult for us and everyone knows if it will be the most difficult game we've had in years. Monaco coach Leonardo Jardim speaks during his Champions League press conference on Monday . Jardim feels Arsenal still pose a threat even if Monaco carry a 3-1 lead from their first leg win at the Emirates . Monaco train at their base in La Turbie, France as they prepare for the second leg . Monaco striker Dimitar Berbatov stretches as he joins the rest of his team-mates for a training session . 'I don't think Arsenal underestimated - it's just that we played a dream game at the Emirates. When facing such a team as Arsenal with players like Santi Cazorla, Mesut Ozil and Danny Welbeck, it's true we can't take it easy and have to focus on the game we played at Emirates. 'In comparison to pervious years French teams are playing at a better level in the Champions League. Paris Saint-Germain knocked out Chelsea and they showed the quality of the work done here in France. It was the same case for Monaco. What we're trying to do is to show the quality of the work. Maybe it's the year of France to beat the English.' Monaco midfielder Nabil Dirar said: 'No-one expected us to win at Arsenal and we enjoyed the moment but then we forgot it straightaway. Because we know they have quality players so we know we might have a little advantage but tomorrow it'll be a very difficult game. I think we'll see the real face of Arsenal tomorrow. But we have our strengths and we can play counter attack.' Monaco bring a 3-1 first leg lead back home with them after their victory at the Emirates . Former Chelsea defender Ricardo Carvalho takes part in Monaco's training session . Monaco's Portuguese duo Joao Moutinho (centre) and Silva Bernardo (left) battle for the ball . Premier League side Arsenal need to win 3-0 or do even better to go through in the Champions League tie . Monaco are preparing to defend their 3-1 lead at Stade Louis II stadium against Arsenal on Tuesday night .Paramedics treated about 12,000 people who were so drunk it was noted on Scottish Ambulance Service systems in the six months to the end of September. The figures were obtained by the Scottish Conservatives under freedom of information laws. The ambulance service said alcohol had a significant impact on its operations. It comes after a recent internal Scottish Ambulance Service survey showed alcohol was a factor in more than half of all call-outs ambulance staff dealt with at weekends. The latest figures showed Scotland's largest health board, NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde, had the highest number of alcohol-related 999 call-outs in the six month period at 3,849. It was followed by NHS Lothian, with 1,935, and NHS Lanarkshire, with 1,470. Tory health spokesman Jackson Carlaw said the statistics highlighted how "deep-rooted and complex" a problem alcohol is in Scottish society. He said: "Not only is it harming those who are over-consuming, but it is diverting scarce resources away from those whose need was not so avoidable. "Of course the Scottish government and NHS can always do more to discourage reckless patterns of drinking and provide more help for paramedics who have to repeatedly go into these challenging situations - often several times each shift. "But ultimately this is a case of personal responsibility, and that's where the real change has to come from." A Scottish Ambulance Service spokesman said its teams had to respond to an increase in demand over the festive period, which was largely driven by alcohol. He added: "They are highly trained professionals who are frustrated by the amount of time they spend looking after patients who are simply intoxicated. "Our staff should not have to fear for their own safety when responding to patients but alcohol is often a key factor in assaults. "Assaults or threatening behaviour are reported to the police and support and counselling services are available to staff." Public Health Minister Maureen Watt said a recent four nations report found that Scotland was leading the way in the UK in taking action to tackle alcohol misuse. She added: "However, the harmful effects of excessive alcohol consumption puts additional pressure on these services, and this is another reason why everyone should drink responsibly and keep safe."Longtime Fox News contributor and fill-in host Laura Ingraham is in line for her own show on the channel, possibly in a key prime time hour. On Monday a source with knowledge of the matter told CNN that there are talks underway between Ingraham and Fox executives, but no decisions have been finalized. The addition of an Ingraham talk show could be part of a bigger-picture reshuffling of Fox News Channel's highly rated schedule. A Fox spokeswoman declined to comment and Ingraham did not respond to a request for comment. Ingraham has been a paid contributor to Fox News since 2007. The show that's been discussed would be a big promotion. Matt Drudge, who is well-sourced in conservative media circles, spurred intrigue about potential changes when he tweeted this on Monday: "FALL PREVIEW: Laura Ingraham's prime time to shine! After years in the trenches, much deserved." Drudge got tongues wagging, which may have been his goal. The prime time hours on cable news are 8, 9 and 10 p.m. When Megyn Kelly left for NBC in January, Tucker Carlson took over her 9 p.m. time slot. Then in April when Bill O'Reilly was removed amid a sexual harassment scandal, Carlson moved into O'Reilly's 8 p.m. time slot and the channel's 5 p.m. conservative talk show "The Five" moved to 9 p.m. Sean Hannity remained in place at 10 p.m. Now there is speculation inside and outside Fox that another schedule shake-up is in the works. The cable news channel seems to be exploring programming options in the event that Eric Bolling does not return. Bolling is the centerpiece of the 5 p.m. show that was created when "The Five" moved to 9. It is called "Fox News Specialists." Earlier this month Bolling was suspended pending a probe into accusations that he sent lewd texts to colleagues, which he has denied. If Fox News executives need to replace "The Specialists," "The Five" could be shifted back to its original 5 p.m. time slot. Then Ingraham could take over at 9 p.m. Alternatively, Hannity could move up one hour to 9, and Ingraham could take over at 10. Or maybe Fox executives have something in mind that nobody else has thought of yet. Along with the Bolling suspension, another subplot is the ratings race between Fox and MSNBC. The MSNBC host Rachel Maddow has snapped Fox's winning streak in the 9 p.m. hour. So Fox executives are asking themselves: Would Ingraham be a better match against Maddow than "The Five" currently is? Ingraham is a vocal supporter of President Trump, just like some of the co-hosts of "The Five." She is already a popular radio talk show host, with a three-hour morning time slot on stations across the country. She also operates a conservative-themed news and features site called LifeZette. ||||| Fox News Channel is in discussions with the conservative radio host Laura Ingraham that could result in her coming to the 21st Century Fox-owned cable-news network as a regular host, a person familiar with the outlet’s plans confirmed early Tuesday. The two sides are believed to be in early talks, and no decision has been made regarding the time slot Ingraham might anchor, or even when she might join the company in the new role. No deal has been signed, and there is no sense at this time when one might come to fruition, this person said. She already serves as a Fox News contributor. Revelation of the talks, which surfaced Monday on The Drudge Report and were further detailed by CNN, show Fox News Channel continuing to mull tinkering with its program line-up as it grapples in real time to find alternatives for hosts who have come under recent fire. Fox News replaced mainstay Bill O’Reilly in April after he parted ways over advertiser reaction to disclosures of settlements paid to women who had accused him of sexual harassment and other improprieties. The network’s current primetime lineup features Tucker Carlson at 8 p.m, the panel show “The Five” at 9 p.m., and Sean Hannity at 10 p.m. And though Fox News remains cable’s most-watched news network, it has had to contend with a resurgent MSNBC, where a primetime lineup led by Rachel Maddow has expanded its audience. Related Fox, Major League Baseball Strike New Rights Pact Official Name of New Fox Is, Uh, Fox -- and Other Takeaways From Annual Stockholders Meeting Ingraham has a long association with Fox News, having served as a fill-in for both Hannity and O’Reilly. Executives at the network have remained open to the idea of tweaking its primetime lineup, Fox News co-president Jack Abernethy told Variety in July. Fox News is also mulling talent options due to the recent suspension of Eric Bolling, the former commodities trader who served as co-host on the late-afternoon program “Fox News Specialists,” this person confirmed. Bolling was suspended earlier this month, when Fox News said it planned to investigate recent allegations made in a Huffington Post report that Bolling may have sexually harassed colleagues. Bolling has denied the charges and said he intends to clear his name. ||||| Fox News is not commenting, but people familiar with the talks who were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly said Ingraham is seen as a compatible fit between the network's conservative prime-time hosts Tucker Carlson and Sean Hannity. Under that scenario, the roundtable show "The Five" -- which moved to 9 p.m. Eastern time when the network had to shuffle its program line-up after Bill O'Reilly exited in April -- would move back to its original time slot of 5 p.m. Eastern to make room for Ingraham. |||||Add a location to your Tweets When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history. Learn more ||||| There's few rules on the Internet, but I think we can all agree on this one: Never put things to a public online vote. The Natural Environment Research Council is learning that lesson, but it could be a lot worse. The NERC, which is an independent environmental science organization in the United Kingdom, is in the process of building a new $300 million Antarctic survey vessel. Boat needs a name, right? Why not put it to a public vote, yea? UK's new Antarctic survey vessel to be built here @CammellLaird . You could name it #NameOurShip @BBCNWT pic.twitter.com/c9a7cHFuk1 — Mark Edwardson (@markedtv) March 17, 2016 Well, the public is voting overwhelmingly to name the ship "Boaty McBoatface." Now, in the grand scheme of Internet shenanigans, "Boaty McBoatface" is not really that bad. In this writer's opinion, it's actually pretty great. After all, this is the same Internet that responded to a promotion to name a new flavor of Mountain Dew with "Hitler did nothing wrong" and "Fapple." Other examples of Internet votes gone horribly wrong include a promotion that ended up sending the entertainer Pitbull to a Walmart in Alaska. Thus far, Boaty McBoatface has a commanding lead with more than 21,000 votes. It's next closest competitor, "Henry Worsley," an explorer and former British army officer who died in January during an attempt to become the first person to cross Antartica unaided, has a little more than 2,700 votes. The vote has spurred a hashtag — #BoatyMcBoatface of course — and even caused intermittent outages for its website. Due to a high amount of traffic some users may be experiencing problems using the #NameOurShip site. Please bear with us. — NERC (@NERCscience) March 20, 2016 The closing date for entries is April 16. The boat is scheduled to set sail in 2019. |||||Phillip Clayton claims his 86-year-old mother Maureen, a retired teacher, died in agony, covered in pressure sores, after nurses failed to turn her in her hospital bed for 11 weeks . An 86-year-old woman died covered in 'horrendous' pressure sores after nurses failed to turn her in her hospital bed, her son claims. Phillip Clayton said his mother died in 'pain and tears' and contracted MRSA as a result of the care she received. He claims a delay in fitting a pacemaker also contributed to his mother's death after she was admitted to hospital with a dangerously low heart rate. He has launched a complaint against Medway Maritime Hospital in Kent after his mother Maureen died in November. NICE guidelines advise adults at high risk should be turned at least once every four hours to prevent pressure ulcers. The hospital is now carrying out a review into her care. Mr Clayton, 56, a public sector worker, said: 'The fact that my mother died is unfortunate. 'The way she died in pain and tears from the pressure sores is a disgrace and in my view, totally unacceptable. 'It is wrong to say my mother would not have died but I do think the care she received shortened her life. 'It was not the right way for her to die. The way she spent her last few weeks was shocking. 'The real problem is a total lack of leadership which permeates right down to ward level and results in an appalling level of service. 'I do not need apologies or a formal investigation, what I would like to see is change.' Mrs Clayton, a retired teacher, was admitted to the hospital on September 13 after a fall at her home in Rainham, Kent. Her heart rate was low and she spent three days on a cardiac unit before being diagnosed with liver problems and transferred to the Will Adams ward. Mr Clayton claims while there staff failed to turn her during her entire 11 week stay - when it should have been done once every four hours. Mr Clayton says his mother even contracted MRSA as a result of the 'disgraceful' care she received at Medway Maritime Hospital in Kent (pictured) Mrs Clayton was admitted to the hospital on September 13 after a fall at her home in Rainham . He added that they only rearranged the pillows under her back which did not prevent her from contracting painful pressure sores. Three weeks into her stay she was diagnosed with MRSA and died on November 27 from renal failure. Mr Clayton added: 'They simply rearranged the pillows underneath her. Turning a patient in bed is not rocket science. It is a basic nursing skill. 'There was a long delay before she was fitted with a temporary pacemaker and then a permanent one. During this time she deteriorated. 'If she had been fitted with the pacemaker in the first week and been able to get up, maybe things would have been different.' A spokesperson from Medway NHS Foundation Trust, who run the hospital where Mrs Clayton was treated said: 'The Trust takes concerns around care very seriously and is currently carrying out a review, as discussed with the family. 'The outcome of the review and the actions we are taking as a result of the findings, will be shared with the family.'(CNN) -- A deathbed photo of Gary Coleman appeared Wednesday on the cover of Globe Magazine, showing the actor's ex-wife staring into the camera next to the former child actor. The man named executor in Coleman's will accused Shannon Price of profiting from her ex-husband's death by selling the image to the tabloid, and suggested she is destined for the "life of a social and professional outcast." Coleman divorced Price in 2008, but they were living together in Santaquin, Utah, when he suffered a fall at home last month and died two days later of a brain hemorrhage in a Provo, Utah, hospital. Globe parent company American Media confirmed it bought the photo, but spokeswoman Samantha Trenk would not disclose how much was paid or who sold the image. A Utah judge appointed Dion Mial, Coleman's longtime friend and former manager, as special administrator of the estate while the will goes through the probate process. A will signed in 1999 named Mial as executor. Mial threatened to have Price, 24, arrested unless she returned property he said had been taken from Coleman's home since his death. She must also stay away from the Santaquin home where they lived together, Mial said. While Coleman was not believed wealthy when he died, his personal possessions may be valuable to collectors. "These items include, but are not limited to, numerous televisions and video game systems, a black 2005 Dodge pick-up truck (registered to Coleman), cargo trailer (registered to Coleman), model train sets, computers, telephones, musical instruments, and furnishings," Mial said. "It is our hope that Miss Price should immediately and respectfully comply with the court's order, so as to avoid the filing of criminal charges against her," Mial said. Mial was unable to stop the Globe from publishing the death images, which he accused Price of peddling to tabloids in an "ongoing desperate attempt" to profit from his death. "These actions simply illuminate and magnify the truth that our gift of free will may, ultimately, relegate us to a long life of bondage and imprisonment that the life of a social and professional outcast, indeed, will bring," Mial said Wednesday. "May God bless Miss Price and her 'free will.'" A statement released by Price's publicist Monday did not deny Mial's accusation, but did say she needed money because she had helped Mial pay for a lawyer. "Dion, who claims to be a good friend of Gary, would know that Gary's only wishes were to make sure that Shannon would be OK after he was gone," the statement said. "So if Dion was a good friend he would be assisting Shannon, not taking all her money, to pay for his attorney and then use it to take everything from her."Economic inactivity refers to people of working age who are not seeking work. Its rate in Northern Ireland is just under 27% and can cover students, people with health conditions, or those with caring or parenting responsibilities. The UK average is 22%. The strategy, called 'Enabling Success', has been jointly launched by Employment Minister Stephen Farry and Enterprise Minister Arlene Foster. The strategy involves 11 projects, based on the voluntary participation of individuals. Three groups will be targeted - those with work-limiting health conditions or disabilities, lone parents and people with caring commitments. "I recognise that there are some who will never be able to work due to the severity of their health conditions," Mr Farry said. "However, there are many people with work-limiting conditions who, with the right support, may be able to participate." Mrs Foster added that the problem could hold back the economy unless addressed. "The strategy will seek to contribute to an increase in the employment rate in Northern Ireland and to increase our economic competitiveness and productivity in the global market," she said. By 2030, the strategy hopes to have raised employment levels to above the UK average. "The current employment rate here is 68.6% compared with a United Kingdom average of 73.4% and achieving this goal will be challenging," Mrs Foster said.America Staffers Walk Out Of Congress In Protest Over Brown And Garner Cases i itoggle caption Alex Wong/Getty Images Alex Wong/Getty Images Dozens of congressional staff members walked out of the Capitol at 3:30 p.m. ET Thursday, in a show of support for protesters angered by recent grand jury decisions not to indict police officers in the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner. Wearing suits, ties and overcoats, the staffers stood several rows deep on the steps of Capitol Hill before making the hands-up gesture that has come to symbolize frustration with the deaths of the two unarmed black men at the hands of police. They stood silently with their arms raised for a moment before disbanding and walking down the steps. While the event was spearheaded by the Congressional Black Associates, it also drew other staff members, including the Congressional Asian Pacific American Staff Association and the Congressional Hispanic Staff Association, according to CNN. A few members of Congress came out to the steps, including Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., and Rep. Marc Veasey, D-Texas. The short event included a prayer from U.S. Senate Chaplain Barry Black. The protest comes a week after Rep. Marcia L. Fudge, chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, said she was "deeply disappointed" by a Staten Island grand jury's decision not to level charges in the Garner case. Noting that the decision was similar to another jury's findings in Ferguson, Mo., Fudge wrote: "In the span of two weeks, this nation seems to have heard one message loud and clear: there will be no accountability for taking Black lives. As an American, it is growing increasingly difficult to believe that there is justice for all." ||||| Story highlights Congressional staffers are planning to walk off their jobs Thursday at 3:30 p.m. Staffers said they are showing solidarity to communities affected by a decisions not to indict officers in killing unarmed black men Congressional staffers plan to walk off their jobs Thursday afternoon to show their support for the families of Michael Brown and Eric Garner in the wake of the decision by two grand juries not to indict the police officers responsible for their deaths, according to three staffers who plan to participate in the event. The planned walkout comes after days of protests across the country, including in Washington, D.C., where demonstrators have marched through downtown, blocking roads and bridges on an almost nightly basis since last Wednesday's decision by a grand jury in Staten Island not to indict Officer Daniel Pantaleo in the chokehold death of Garner. "We're proud to have this moment of solidarity with the families of Michael Brown and Eric Garner and the thousands of peaceful protesters around the country who are telling this country that black lives matter," said one staffer who was helping to plan the event. The Congressional Asian Pacific American Staff Association and the Congressional Hispanic Staff Association joined black staffers and the Congressional Black Associates in planning the event, which is set to take place at 3:30 p.m., and is expected to draw at least 50 people. A staffer who planned to attend the protest said it was important to show support across racial lines. "I believe it's important, because what affects one community really affects the entire country," the staffer told CNN. "It's not just one group of minorities that's affected. How one group is treated affects Asians, Hispanics, women. It's important that we show our solidarity and come together and really speak out about the injustices that are being done." The group will gather in front of the Capitol and plan to take a photo at 345 p.m. U.S. Senate Chaplain Barry Black is expected to pray for the grieving families and to pray for peace. The US Capitol dome is cocooned in scaffolding on October 28, 2014 in Washington, DC as it undergoes its first comprehensive repairs in more than half a century a century. The two-year, USD 60 million project is aimed at repairing nearly 1,300 cracks that have emerged in the nine-million-pound (4.1-million-kilogram) cast iron dome, according to the Architect of the Capitol (AOC) office. Construction on the dome began in 1855. Work symbolically continued through the US Civil War and the structure was eventually completed in 1866. AFP Photo/Paul J. Richards (Photo credit should read ) "We're not trying to cause any type of controversy," one staffer told CNN. "We're just trying to highlight this issue, to show solidarity with people who have been affected." Chaplain Black has drawn attention before for his topical prayers. Last year during the budget battle that shut down the government for 16 days, he opened each session with a prayer appealing the lawmakers to end the impasse. "Obviously, there are probably some people who feel that my prayers should not have been as pointed as they were," Black told CNN's Anderson Cooper after the shutdown had ended. "My prayers simply reflect the reality of the environment that I am in." Black could not be reached immediately reached for comment ahead of the event. ||||| Over a hundred black congressional staffers and several black lawmakers staged a walkout at the Capitol this afternoon, leading a silent protest on the steps of the Capitol over the recent police killing involving Ferguson and Eric Garner. Reps. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., and Marc Veasey, D-Texas, were among the lawmakers participating in the walkout. Senate Chaplain Barry Black led the group in prayer, saying they were working as a “voice for the voiceless.” “Today as people throughout the nation protest for justice in our lands, forgive us when we have failed to lift our voices for those who couldn't speak or breathe for themselves,” Black said. “May we not forget that in our national history injustice has often been maintained because good people failed to promptly act. Forgive oh God, our culpability in contributing to our national pathology as you keep us aware of our own capacity to be instruments of injustice.” Alex Wong/Getty Images After the prayer, the group stood on the steps of the Capitol, raising their hands in a gesture that has become symbolic of the Ferguson refrain –- hands up, don’t shoot. |||||By . Anna Edwards . PUBLISHED: . 11:42 EST, 29 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:17 EST, 29 November 2013 . He's often lauded as one of the world's most sexiest men - but David Beckham has revealed a distinctly un-sexy memory. The retired footballer has confessed to performing a sex act on himself while looking at calendar of Welsh footballer Clayton Blackmore as part of his initiation into Manchester United's youth team. The 38-year-old recalled how his Class of '92 teammates forced him to perform an embarrassing sex act whilst staring at eighties Reds legend Clayton Blackmore. Scroll down for video . Beckham's teammates required him to perform an embarrassing sex act whilst staring at a Clayton Blackmore calendar . Beckham revealed he had to look at Clayton Blackmore's calendar and do certain things to himself . The midfielder said he got the short-straw with his humiliation, revealing to the Metro: ‘One of mine was surprising! The Clayton Blackmore!’ Recalling his teen horror, he said: ‘Everyone had an initiation that you had to go through on the youth team, that was one of the most uncomfortable ones!’ 'The fact that I had to look at Clayton Blackmore’s calendar and do certain things, while looking at Clayton Blackmore…’ Forced to recall the humiliating ceremony on camera for a documentary on his former team, called 'The Class of '92', he said: ‘I was embarrassed when I was saying it on camera let alone talking about it more. But it’s something that we all had to go through. It was definitely something I wouldn’t like to go through again!' High jinks: Beckham joined the Manchester United Youth Team in 1992 and became firm friends with the other players . The retired footballer is promoting a Manchester United documentary covering the period from 1992, where he, Paul Scholes, Nicky Butt, Ryan Giggs and Phil and Gary Neville were team-mates . Suppressing the memories: Becks said he got the short-straw with his humiliation . David Beckham, who has four children with wife Victoria, says he would rather forget the ritual . The retired footballer is promoting a Manchester United documentary covering the period from 1992, where he, Paul Scholes, Nicky Butt, Ryan Giggs and Phil and Gary Neville were team-mates. His confession follows a series of revelations,including that Sir Alex Ferguson was . like 'the godfather' of Manchester United because of his totalitarian . approach to managing the club. He described the Reds' most-decorated manager as the 'godfather - and not in a good way,' to BBC Breakfast. 'Not in a bad way [either] but we were all very scared of him.' The former United midfielder admitted that players were 'scared' of the patriarch, renowned for his sharp Scottish tongue. The 38-year-old, who retired at the end of last season, also said he blew his first big pay packet on a flashy BMW. 'My first thing that I spent money on was a BMW. That was my first cheque from Adidas, and I just blew the whole thing in one go,' Beckham told the Christian O'Connell Breakfast Show on Absolute Radio. 'We started getting a little bit more money than we were in the youth team, you know, I went and blew it. I was still living in digs at the time, and I literally blew all my money on a BMW.'By . Suzannah Hills . PUBLISHED: . 07:50 EST, 25 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:50 EST, 25 March 2013 . A man has risked his own life to save a little boy from suffocating after he was left dangling from a building with his head trapped in a window grid. Neighbour Zhou Bo went outside of his own property after hearing a commotion in the street in Lingwu, Ningxia, China. It was then he spotted the young boy dangling from a fourth-storey window with his head wedged between metal bars. Helping hand: Zhou Bo went to the aid of a young boy left dangling from a fourth-storey window after getting his head stuck in a grid in Lingwu, Ningxia, China . Dangerous: Zhou Bo managed to prevent the boy from suffocating by holding him up by his feet while also balancing on stool perched on a window sill . He said: 'I went there, and saw a boy dangling in the air, as his head was stuck in between the window grid.' Zhou could see that the boy was suffocating as his feet had nothing to stand on. He dashed inside and raced up to the flat but found the door locked. He then went one floor below but discovered that the gap between that window and the dangling boy was too great. Zhou said: 'Without help, the boy would be suffocated soon, or he has the danger of dropping down'. So Zhou found a chair and balanced it precariously on the third-storey window ledge before standing on it and supporting the trapped boy's feet from underneath. 'I felt time froze, and my arms went numb but firemen still didn't arrive,' said Zhou. Finally, firefighters arrived 40 minutes later and were able to break into the apartment and pull the boy, who had been left home alone, to safety. Waiting game: Zhou Bo had to hold the position for 40 minutes until firefighters arrived at the scene . Safe and sound: The young boy pictured with his mother after being released from the window grid .Like a wounded animal lashing out in fury, ISIS is betraying hints of desperation in its latest video, which purportedly shows the aftermath of the beheading of U.S. hostage Peter Kassig, analysts said Sunday. And if there's news worse than the apparent brutal death of Kassig, it's that we should expect even more vicious videos to come from the group, also known by the acronym ISIL, said Haras Rafiq of the Quiliam Foundation, an anti-extremist think tank. "As we see the U.S. and the coalition making gains against ISIL, we will find that they try and show that they are still strong, try and show that they are just as barbaric as they have been, and unfortunately one of the things we'll see is that the videos will become more and more barbaric," he said. "I think it's a sign of desperation," he said. "I think it's a sign that they know and feel they are under attack, they're under siege and they're struggling." The video, released online Sunday, shows the aftermath of a beheading, in which the victim is not clearly recognizable. The White House confirmed that the video showed Kassig. Kassig, 26, who converted to Islam in captivity, also went by the name Abdul-Rahman Kassig. He went to the Middle East as a U.S. soldier and returned as a medical worker, feeling compelled to help victims of war. The video does show -- in gruesome detail -- the beheadings of what the group claims are pilots for the Syrian government, which is also battling ISIS forces. "It can't be said enough," said CNN's Nic Robertson. "This is the most barbaric they've done so far." The carefully produced video is clearly "a prize piece of propaganda for them," Robertson says. It also differs from others produced by ISIS. It doesn't feature a Western hostage dressed in orange speaking to the camera before his death. Nor does it name the group's next victim. It is likely in part meant to scare Syrians and Iraqis into obeying ISIS' orders when it comes calling, said Rafiq and retired U.S. Army Lt. Col. Joe Ruffini, a counterterrorism expert. "What ISIS is telling them is, 'When we come in and tell you to do what we tell you, you know what the consequences are if you say no,'" Ruffini said. But it also comes at a time when the United States and its anti-ISIS allies are claiming their airstrikes and support for ground forces fighting the group are beginning to slowly turn the tide, said retired U.S. Maj. Gen. James "Spider" Marks. Has ISIS peaked? Terror group suffers setbacks in Iraq . It also comes during a visit to Iraq by the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Martin Dempsey. "Clearly there are no coincidences," Marks told CNN on Sunday. "This is timed very specifically to those activities by the coalition and, I would say, the results of those activities." Since beginning airstrikes in August, U.S. officials have touted successes in disrupting ISIS communications and logistics, slowing its advances and forcing fighters to disperse into smaller formations. Last week, President Barack Obama said the fight was entering a new phase that would rely heavily on Iraqi ground troops and other local fighters. More recently, U.S. officials have suggested more openness to a role for U.S. ground forces in the fight. In testimony to the House Armed Services Committee on Thursday, Dempsey said commanders are "certainly considering" the prospect that U.S. forces might be needed to retake the Iraqi city of Mosul, currently held by ISIS. In Sunday's video, the narrator taunted Obama to do just that. Hostages tortured before beheadings .(CNN) -- A woman who said she had a mother-daughter relationship with slain model Jasmine Fiore told CNN's Larry King on Thursday night that Fiore never informed her that she had been married. An arrest warrant has been issued for Ryan Alexander Jenkins, wanted in the death of ex-wife Jasmine Fiore. Gwendolyn Beauregard said Fiore was a close friend of her two sons, and she met the future model when Fiore was just 11. Despite the close ties -- "she called me mommy and she was my daughter" -- Beauregard was in the dark about Fiore's marriage to Ryan Jenkins. The marriage reportedly was annulled a few weeks after their Las Vegas, Nevada, wedding. An arrest warrant for murder has been issued for Jenkins, a reality TV contestant. Authorities believe he's fled to Canada. Fiore's body was found Saturday, stuffed into a suitcase and left in a Dumpster in Buena Park, just outside Anaheim in Orange County, California. Interviewed from San Francisco, California, Beauregard told King all she knew about Jenkins was his initial meeting with Fiore. "She didn't tell me that she married him. She told me [about] the day that they met, which was St. Patrick's Day," Beauregard said. "She called me the day after and she said: 'Mommy, I met the most perfect guy in the world and -- and his name is Ryan.' And she just went on and on and on about Ryan and how perfect he was. And that was all I knew." Beauregard told King she's never met Ryan Jenkins. Mike Fleeman, the West Coast editor of People.com, described more details of Fiore's whirlwind courtship with Jenkins to King. "They met in Las Vegas. Two days later [in March], they got married at the Little White Wedding Chapel. That's, of course, where Britney Spears got married," Fleeman told King. "It was a quickie wedding. We today talked to somebody who was at the wedding. One of the witnesses was an employee of the chapel. A lot of people were shocked that both of them were married. They kept it under wraps. And the marriage had a lot of problems almost from the very beginning," Fleeman said. Fleeman told King that Jenkins was arrested and charged with domestic assault against Fiore in Nevada in June and that Jenkins was supposed to go to trial in December. Beauregard told King that Fiore, who was 28 when she died, started modeling in her early 20s. Despite their deep bond, Beauregard said Fiore had ties with her biological mother, Lisa Lepore. "She was close to her mother, as well, but it was a different type of closeness." Adding to the horror of the slaying was that Fiore's teeth had been extracted and her fingers removed. Criminal profiler Pat Brown told Larry King that act provided key crucial evidence early in the investigation. "It was very clear from the very beginning, when they found her body in a piece of luggage, that we weren't dealing with a serial killer. I knew it was somebody who knew her and [that her killer] wanted to make sure that she was not identified," Brown said. "This is why he [the suspect[ ended up cutting off her fingers ... taking out her teeth. He even got smart. He watched too many crime shows and thought he would get rid of all ID, took away her clothes, put her in the luggage, probably because it's one way to get her of an apartment. And throw it a Dumpster and hope that time will take care of it, she'll decompose, they'll never be able to identify her," Brown said. Jenkins has appeared on VH1 shows "Megan Wants a Millionaire" and "I Love Money 3." "This is a very arrogant man," Brown said. "Megan said it right on the show. She said he's a manipulator. He is. He has evidence of psychopathy there." The brutality of the crime has hit Fiore's circle of friends hard. "Ryan Jenkins is an animal," said Robert Hasman, a family friend who said Fiore had been his girlfriend for 2 1/2 years. Watch Hasman speak out » . "What he has done to Jasmine is unspeakable. It's just not right." He described her as "a beautiful person who was a very caring individual." Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas said on "Larry King Live" that Jenkins is the only suspect. "There is no indication that anybody else might be involved," he said. "We believe he's armed because there's a handgun missing from his apartment, which is the last place he was before ... he fled. So it appears that he's armed. And he's certainly dangerous because he's desperate," Rackauckas said.The billionaire and reality TV star said Mr McCain was only considered a hero because he was a prisoner of war. He then added: "I like people who weren't captured." The comments prompted strong criticism across the party. Rival contender Rick Perry said the remarks were a "new low" in US politics. Mr Trump later sought to clarify his remarks, although he did not apologise. "If a person is captured, they're a hero as far as I'm concerned," he said. "I don't like the job John McCain is doing in the Senate because he is not taking care of our veterans.'' The two have clashed before, with Mr McCain accusing Mr Trump of having "fired up the crazies" with his attacks on Mexican immigrants. Mr McCain was held for five-and-a-half years after his plane was shot down in the Vietnam war. Mr Trump avoided service through student and medical deferments. The 2008 presidential candidate is yet to respond to Mr Trump's remarks, although his daughter Meghan tweeted she was "disgusted". Many of Mr Trump's rivals for the nomination lined up to attack him. There are currently 15 people running to be the Republican presidential candidate. Mr Trump has led in some early polls, although analysts have predicted his appeal is likely to wane as the contest develops.By . Daily Mail Reporter . Nicola Benedetti, whose album Homecoming: A Scottish Fantasy has entered the top 20 of the UK Official Album chart . She became BBC Young Musician of the Year when she was 16, was named one of Britain’s most powerful young women earlier this year and already has an MBE and eight honorary degrees. But Nicola Benedetti has added yet another string to her bow. Yesterday she became the first solo British violinist since the 1990s to enter the Top 20 of the official UK albums chart with her record Homecoming: A Scottish Fantasy. She is also the first ever Scottish classical artist to enter the Top 20. It’s at number 19 and expected to rise. The last British violinist to score a Top 20 album as a solo performer was Vanessa Mae in 1995. Nigel Kennedy achieved the same feat in 1989. Miss Benedetti, who is due to perform at the opening ceremony of the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, said: ‘I am absolutely thrilled to have reached the Top 20, not something a classical artist ever expects. This is a deeply personal recording inspired by Bruch’s Scottish Fantasy. 'The project took me deep into the heart of Scottish culture. I hope the music, in all its diversity, is providing some uplift and pleasure.’ Earlier this year the 26-year-old lashed out at critics who claim glamorous classical musicians succeed because of their sexy image rather than their artistic ability. She said it amounted to sexism when talented female artists were judged on their looks, adding: ‘Classical music can be prouder of its integrity than many industries. People are basically chosen for their ability.’ Miss Benedetti’s latest achievement follows her MBE in 2013 for her educational and charity work. She was named in Britain’s Top 30: The Young Female Power List, published in the Times in February, alongside the likes of Adele, Emma Watson and the Duchess of Cambridge. Miss Benedetti's latest achievement follows her MBE in 2013 for her educational and charity work . Her rendition of Scottish Fantasy, a piece of classical music written in 1880 by the German romantic composer Max Bruch, now sits in the mainstream chart alongside pop acts such as Will.i.am – a judge on BBC talent show The Voice. The number one spot was claimed by the rapper and producer. His new single has gone straight in at the top of the charts to give him his 10th UK number one. It’s My Birthday, featuring 17-year-old American singer Cody Wise, tops the pile 11 years after The Voice judge’s first number one, 2003’s Black Eyed Peas hit Where Is The Love, . He knocked reigning chart queens Ariana Grande and Iggy Azalea down to two with Problem, while Ella Henderson also slides one to number three with Ghost, according to the Official Chart Company. The pop star now has five solo number one singles in Britain, the same as he has with the Black Eyed Peas.Rome, Italy (CNN) -- Two Pakistani men accused of providing logistical support for last year's deadly terror attacks in Mumbai, India, were arrested Saturday in Italy, police said. They were arrested in the northern Italian city of Brescia, said Stefano Fonzi, head of Italy's Division of General Investigations and Special Operations. The attacks on India's largest city lasted four days. The attackers targeted several sites in Mumbai, taking over several hotels and a Jewish center. The attacks left 160 people dead. On November 25, 2008, the day before the attacks in Mumbai, the two men arrested allegedly transferred $229 that was used to activate Internet phone lines used by the suspects. Two others connected with the longstanding money transfer agency in Brescia also were arrested for other illegal activity, Fonzi told CNN. Police are looking for a fifth man. Italian police started their investigation the following month after being alerted by Indian authorities and the FBI that funds had been transferred from Italy, Fonzi said. Authorities suspected the agency after money was transferred under the Muslim name of a man who had never entered Italy, a police statement said. Indian police have said 10 Pakistanis were involved in the deadly assault, nine of whom were killed in the carnage. The lone surviving suspect has linked the coordinated shooting and bombing incidents to the leader of the Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Tayyiba, a militant group that is banned in India. CNN's Hada Messia in Rome contributed to this report.New Zealand scrum-half Shaun Johnson has capped a memorable 12 months by winning the 2014 Rugby League World Golden Boot - seeing off the challenge of union convert Sam Burgess for the honour. The New Zealand Warriors playmaker, who broke England's hearts with a last-minute try and conversion in the semi-finals of the 2013 World Cup, produced a man-of-the-match performance in the 2014 Four Nations Series final in Wellington last month as the Kiwis defeated Australia to lift the title - a performance that impressed the 13-man Golden Boot voting panel. For the second successive year, English forward Burgess - who swapped South Sydney for Bath in October - came second in the voting but, whereas 12 months ago Burgess was within seven points of Johnathan Thurston, this time Johnson was a decisive winner, collecting almost twice as many points as his nearest rival. Johnson becomes only the fourth New Zealander to win the prestigious award, following in the footsteps of Hugh McGahan, Stacey Jones and Benji Marshall. Shaun Johnson has capped a memorable 12 months by winning the 2014 Rugby League World Golden Boot . Johnson said: 'Being a rugby league fan growing up, I always knew about the Golden Boot award. 'I was pretty aware of the players who'd won it before because they were players that I grew up watching like Stacey Jones and Andrew Johns. Then there were the current players that I admire like Thurston. To receive it is pretty unreal to be honest. 'I felt I finished the year really well and was able to take that into the Four Nations and was really happy with how I played for the Kiwis. 'It was just made easy by the culture that we have there now and the group of players that we have around us. There's no way I could have received this award without those boys playing their part, and I'll accept it on their behalf.' The panel of 13 judges comprised representatives from Australia, England, France and New Zealand, including former Golden Boot winner Garry Schofield, ex-Great Britain coach Brian Noble and past Kiwi internationals Robbie Hunter-Paul and Daryl Halligan. On a six-man shortlist. Johnson claimed 44 points, Burgess 23, with James Graham third on 18 and Greg Inglis fourth with 17. Double winner Thurston - who missed the Four Nations through injury - polled 13 points and Kiwi prop Jesse Bromwich two. Johnson becomes only the fourth New Zealander to win the prestigious award, following in the footsteps of Hugh McGahan, Stacey Jones and Benji Marshall . 'As is always the case with the Rugby League World Golden Boot, we asked the judges to consider the performances on the international stage first and foremost, and it's undeniable that Shaun Johnson had the biggest impact at that level in 2014,' RLW editor Gareth Walker said. 'Throughout the entire tournament he provided a devastating mix of organising the New Zealand side and producing moments of individual brilliance himself.' The Kiwis' Four Nations triumph is reflected in the selection of a record number of players in the world team of the year - six. Dean Whare lines up at centre with Manu Vatuvei flanking him on the wing, with Johnson in the halves. Bromwich, Kevin Proctor and Simon Mannering pack down in the mythical side. Burgess is named at loose forward, with prop Graham and wing Ryan Hall England's other inclusions. The Australians are Inglis, Michael Jennings, Thurston and Cameron Smith.His agent said his death on Friday was doctor-assisted, legal practice in Canada from earlier this year. No other details about his health were given. Kinsella published more than 30 works spanning poetry, fiction and non-fiction and won the Order of Canada, one of the country's highest honours. But it is the baseball-themed fantasy Shoeless Joe that he is best known for. In it, a farmer hears a voice urging him to build a baseball field in the middle of his corn crop. When he does the spirits of great players from the past come to play. The novel was adapted into 1989 film Field of Dreams, starring Kevin Costner. After suffering a head injury in car crash, CBC reported, Kinsella said he lost interest in writing fiction and instead spent his time playing Scrabble online. However he did resume writing and his final work Russian Dolls is due to be released next year.Authorities in Russia warned the FBI ‘multiple times’ about Boston bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev, though the ethnic Chechen could have slipped through the cracks because he was not linked to al Qaeda, it was revealed Tuesday by U.S. Senators who were briefed on the terrorist attacks. The federal agency looked into the eldest brother in 2011 after the Russian government contacted them, warning that Tamerlan Tsarnaev may have deveoped radical Islamic ties following a prolonged trip to Russia, including Muslim-predominant Dagestan. However, after its initial search and interviews with him and his family members, the FBI closed the case, and has come under intense scrutiny for doing so. Scroll down for video . Conflicting: Tamerlan Tsarnaev turned from an 'arrogant' sportsman to an increasingly radical Muslim. Studying the Koran alone in Dagestan; Russian authorities tried to alert the FBI over the 'bomber' multiple times, according to lawmakers . Speaking with the Boston Herald, a senator sitting in on Tuesday’s confidential meetings on Capitol Hill said that the FBI could have missed Tamerlan Tsarnaev’s radicalization as he didn’t share links to the terror network al Qaeda. That senator spoke on the condition of anonymity, as Tuesday’s briefings were classified. Sen. James Risch, R-Idaho, told the Herald that the Russian government also had very different priorities. ‘Their concern was Chechen radicals. Our higher concern was al-Qaeda,’ he told the paper, explaining that the militant Islamist group was more dangerous to the U.S. in light of the 9/11 attacks. Lawmakers . again asked whether a failure to share intelligence contributed to the . deadly, after senior officials briefed them on the investigation into . last week's bombings, the Boston Globe reports. However, members of Congress have not . gone insofar as to say that better or more thorough intelligence could . have prevented the bombings, which many said following the September 11, . 2001 terrorist attacks. 'There still seem to be serious . problems with sharing information, including critical investigative . information ... not only among agencies but also within the same agency . in one case,' Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, said after the Senate . Intelligence Committee members were briefed by FBI Deputy Director Sean . Joyce. 'I don't see anybody yet that dropped . the ball,' said Sen. Saxby Chambliss, R-Georgia, the committee's vice . chairman, according to the Associated Press. Intel: Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said Tuesday in testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee on immigration legislation, that her agency knew of the suspect's trip to Russia even though his name was misspelled on a travel document . On the attack: Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-South Carolina, told Napolitano that the information contradicted what he'd been told by the FBI . But he added that he was asking all . the federal agencies involved for more information to make sure enough . information was shared. 'If it wasn't, we've got to fix this,' he said. Homeland Security Secretary Janet . Napolitano said Tuesday, in testimony before the Senate Judiciary . Committee on immigration legislation, that her agency knew of the . suspect's trip to Russia even though his name was misspelled on a travel . document. A key lawmaker had said the misspelling caused the FBI to miss the trip. Napolitano's disclosure came as news . to Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-South Carolina, who told the secretary that it . contradicted what he'd been told by the FBI. Grilling: Sen. Dan Coats, R-Indiana, a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, leaves following a closed-door briefing by intelligence agencies on the Boston Marathon bombing on Tuesday . Behind closed doors: Deputy Director of the FBI Sean Joyce, center, enters a closed Senate Intelligence Committee hearing where he faced questions from lawmakers . 'They told me that they had no . knowledge of him leaving or coming back, so I would like to talk to you . more about this case,' Graham told Napolitano. She said that even though . Tsarnaev's name was misspelled, redundancies in the system allowed his . departure to be captured by U.S. authorities in January 2012. But she said that by the time he came . back six months later, an FBI alert on him had expired and so his . re-entry was not noted. The FBI has not released a new statement . regarding Tamerlan Tsarnaev’s trip to Russia since April 17. Investigators have concluded based on . preliminary evidence that the Russia trip may have helped radicalize . Tsarnaev, the older of the two bomber suspects, who died in a firefight . with police. Tamerlan Tsarnaev was investigated by . the FBI at Russia's request and his name was included in a federal . government travel-screening database after that, law enforcement . officials have told The Associated Press. Religious journey? Tamerlan Tsarnaev spent much time in the Dagestan capital of Makhachkala . One official told the AP that by the . time of the flight Tsarnaev would have faced no additional scrutiny . because the FBI had by that time found no information connecting him to . terrorism. The ethnic Chechen brothers imigrated . to the United States a decade ago from the predominantly Muslim region . of Dagestan in Russia's Caucasus. Senator Saxby Chambliss of Georgia, . the ranking Republican on the Senate intelligence committee, said the . briefing raised questions about the flow of information among law . enforcement and intelligence agencies. 'I think there has been some . stonewalls, and some stovepipes reconstructed, that were probably . unintentional, but we've got to review that issue again, and make sure . there is the free flow of information,' he said, according to Reuters. 'I can't say the FBI dropped the ball. I don't see anybody yet that dropped the ball,' he said. 'That may develop.'By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 17:25 EST, 24 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 08:18 EST, 25 October 2013 . A 9-year-old boy is fighting for his life after suffering critical injuries in a horrific car crash that killed both his parents and four siblings, including an unborn baby. Eden Miranda was listed in critical condition at University of California Davis Medical Center Thursday in the aftermath of the deadly six-car collision in Lodi. The multicar smash-up that happened just after 5.20pm Tuesday at a busy intersection took the lives of Irving Miranda, 11; his 5-year-old brother Jose; their 4-year-old sister Stephanie, and the siblings' father, 30-year-old Luis Miranda. Also killed in the crash was the children's mother, 31-year-old Vivian Rodriguez and her unborn baby. Scroll down for video . Family tor apart: Eden Miranda (second left), 9, is the sole survivor of the crash that killed his 11-year-old brother Irving (far left), 5-year-old brother Jose (third left) and 4-year-old sister Stephanie (far right) Crash scene: Police inspect a bent pickup truck at the scene of a five-car accident in Lodi, California on Tuesday night. Five people died in the crash, including a child, a pregnant woman and her unborn child . Lodi Unified Assistant Superintendent of Elementary Education Catherine Pennington told Lodi News said that Irving Miranda attended Lodi Middle School, where he distinguished himself as a good student and an all-around well-liked boy. Stephanie was enrolled in a kindergarten program in Heritage Primary Elementary School, where her brother Jose was a first-grader. Police say an SUV driver reportedly . drove through the intersection of Ham and Vine streets while on his cell . phone and caused a six-car collision, leaving up to a dozen people . injured. On Thursday, eyewitness Erin Andrews told the Sacramento Bee that the brown SUV that allegedly caused the fatal accident appeared to be doing about 100mph when it blew through a busy intersection, with the driver clutching a cell phone to his ear. ‘He looked angry, like he was on a mission,’ Andrews said. The carnage that decimated the Miranda family left the local community reeling. About 250 people gathered Wednesday night at the debris-strewn site of the crash for an emotional vigil to remember the young victims and their parents. Sabien Tafoya, 13, lit a candle for his friend Irving Miranda, describing him as a smart and funny boy who enjoyed making his friends laugh. This morning, Lodi Middle School held a moment of silence for the 11-year-old and his two younger siblings. ‘We’re trying not to forget a loving friend,’ 12-year-old Jason Ordinola, who was on the soccer team with Irving, told Lodi News. A makeshift memorial had sprung up on the site of the crash, with sobbing relatives, friends and strangers leaving flowers, notes and stuffed animals in honor of the victims, News 10 reported. Neighbors reported running from their . homes after hearing the collision and seeing bodies - including those . of children - in the road as emergency personnel arrived. Outpouring of grief: People have been flocking to a makeshift memorial in Lodi to leave flowers and notes . Touching mementos: Mourners have been bringing stuffed animals in honor of the three children and an unborn baby who perished in the crash . Carla Sanchez, 12, Irving Miranda's schoolmate, at right, is overcome with emotion near a makeshift memorial . Five . vehicles were involved in the crash, which eye-witnesses said was . caused when a driver in an SUV raced through the intersection at speeds . as high as 90mph while on his phone. But authorities said they are still investigating whether cellphone use, alcohol or drugs were involved. Several people were . transported by air or ambulance to area hospitals, including St. Joseph’s Hospital in Stockton and UC Davis Medical Center. Horrific aftermath: Police and fire officials work at the scene of the multicar crash in Lodi that killed six and injured 12 . Deadly impact: Witnesses described seeing children lying on the ground after being ejected from their vehicle on impact . Lodi Police Detective Eric Bradley told the Sentinel that three of the injured were in surgery late on Tuesday night but that their conditions were unknown. Bradley added that the ages of those injured and the extent of their wounds was not yet known. David Durand with the American . Medical Response confirmed to the paper that . there were children involved in the crash and that they had been ejected . from a vehicle during impact. Three vehicles were crushed together in the crash, and a pickup truck was bent so that it formed a 'V' around the hood of another truck, the Lodi News Sentinel reported. Devastating: Authorities are investigating whether cell phone use, alcohol or drugs were involved . Shattered glass and metal shards ripped from the vehicles had been strewn across the road and emergency responders put powder on the street to absorb oil, gasoline . and blood. Josh Ramos told News10 that he lives . just doors from the crash site and said that when he walked to the street, he saw bodies everywhere and people in shock. 'People running around children outside crying people caring for them,' Ramos said. Another eyewitness said she saw a little red shoe on the ground - which 'just broke my heart'. A major accident investigation team is now analyzing the scene to determine where and how the crash occurred. Lodi, a city of more than 60,000 people, is about 35 miles south of Sacramento.(CNN) -- A three-goal blitz in nine minutes sent Arsenal second in the English Premier League as they finally ended their hoodoo against champions Chelsea by winning 3-1 at Emirates Stadium on Monday night. Goals from Alex Song, Cesc Fabregas and Theo Walcott put Arsene Wenger's side two points behind leaders Manchester United, and ended a run of five successive defeats to Chelsea. Branislav Ivanovic pulled a goal back for the visitors, but it wasn't enough to end their miserable run of form as they continue to search for their first win since early November. The Gunners were handed a boost before kickoff as Spain midfielder Fabregas was restored to the starting lineup, as well as Dutch striker Robin Van Persie, but Chelsea's French forward Nicolas Anelka was absent with a knee injury. Football's heroes and villains of 2010 . The first half was a scrappy affair as Chelsea sat back and invited their opponents to attack them, with neither side creating much in the way of goalscoring opportunities. But that all changed five minutes before the break as Samir Nasri forced Chelsea keeper Petr Cech into a fine save with an effort that was curling towards the top corner. And just four minutes later Arsenal were ahead. Song exchanged passes with Wilshere, before picking up a loose ball in the area and driving it into the corner of the net. The home side came roaring out of the traps in the second half, as Walcott latched onto a loose pass from Michael Essien and drew Cech before squaring to Fabregas, who stroked the ball into an empty net on 51 minutes. Little more than a minute later the roles were reversed as Fabregas clipped a ball through to Walcott, who fired low past Cech from the edge of the area. Chelsea gave themselves a glimmer of hope on 57 minutes as Ivanovic glanced Didier Drogba's curling freekick into the net, but despite committing plenty of men forward the champions couldn't fashion a way back into the match. Nasri and Abou Diaby had chances to compound Chelsea's misery, but both squandered late opportunities. Chelsea's defeat is bound to heap more pressure on their Italian manager Carlo Ancelotti, who has presided over a wretched run of just one win in eight games. "We have to wake up because we are asleep," he told Sky Sports after the game. "We did not play well but Arsenal did and they deserved to win. We must stay focused and continue to work hard." Arsenal boss Wenger said: "We were disciplined, played for each other and were less nervous and perhaps less adventurous at some stages. "Let's hope the game has strengthened our belief and that we can challenge for the championship."Shocking claims of abuse within a secret NSW-based religious group have come to light after former members revealed the years of torment they endured at the hands their 'cult leader'. Self-styled guru Pastor Scott Williams allegedly used his warped brand of evangelical Pentecostalism to run a secret homosexual sex ring while misusing huge amounts of member donations for his own personal use. In harrowing and chilling detail, a young woman has recounted the experience of being born into and growing up in a twisted religious cult, as part of an in depth investigation by ABC's Four Corners. Emily Wassmann's involvement in the Christian Assemblies International (CAI) was predetermined before her birth, as her parents were both members of the 'church', and she described her childhood as a series of terrifying, confusing and lonely circumstances. Scroll down for video . Emily Wassmann relived the horrific experience of growing up in cult religious group Christian Assemblies International in a revealing interview with ABC'S Four Corners on Monday evening . 'The teaching was that a child was born evil and that that had to be beaten out of them with a rod of iron,' she told the program. Denied a life outside the church, at 14 Ms Wassaman told her parents she wanted to leave the group. She stayed living in their house but said they did not speak to her. Shortly after, at just 15, she was sent away to Canada to live with another church member. Here the young woman battled with her mental health and came close to attempting suicide on a number of occasions. Unlike some, Ms Wassmann and her parents escaped the Assembly, but said other young people who were born into the cult and left all experienced similar hardship. 'Every. Single. One.' When she was just 15, Ms Wassmann, pictured with her father, was sent away to live with church members in Canada after she told her parents she wanted to leave the group . Also revealed on the program was the slave-like status women in the church were afforded, and the verbal and physical abuse they suffered at the hands of the men in the CAI. Every aspect of their lives were monitored, from what they wore to how they raised their children. But the most shocking account was from a man named Gunther Frantz whose former wife was beaten by other men. In front of a group of men, stripped down to her underwear Mr Frantz's former wife was beaten with a wooden stick while her husband wasn't present - apparently for her lack of obedience. She was pregnant at the time, but her husband was unaware of this. When asked how he felt when he discovered his wife had been physically assaulted in his absence, Mr Frantz simply said: 'Makes you sick to your guts, doesn't it?' Gunther Frantz was one of Pastor Scott Williams' closest confidantes in the cult, and revealed his former wife had been beaten by other men in the church . Also aired in the shocking report, dozens of former members said bizarre sexual rituals were carried out in secret by Mr Williams, who had been given authorisation by God to sidestep biblical commands against homosexuality and train his male member to be sexually obedient. The abuse detailed by the men and women, who until now have remained silent out of fear and shame, ranged from spiritual, financial, verbal and physical abuse to sexual abuse of adult male members. 'I haven't come across anything like it,' Four Corners reporter Caro Meldrum-Hanna told Daily Mail Australia ahead of the episode going to air on Monday night. 'Former members describe it as a cult.' Pastor Scott Williams allegedly used his warped brand of evangelical Pentecostalism to run a secret homosexual sex ring while misusing huge amounts of member donations for his own personal use . Meldrum-Hanna, who came across the story back in 2010, spoke to dozens of former members in Australia and across the world and she said all of their claims made against Mr Williams were similar. 'Initially it appeared almost unbelievable because it was so extreme. But it happened,' she said. 'In the first six months you are treated like royalty but after that the screws turn. In order for Scott Williams to trust you, you had to give more of yourself, particularly for men.' Former members say they were recruited to the church as teenagers and young adults and they were brainwashed into believing Mr Williams was 'The Anointed One'. Former members say they were recruited to the church as teenagers and young adults and they were brainwashed into believing Mr Williams was 'The Anointed One' 'These people are so normal. Many weren't religious but they say they were preyed upon. So you can get an idea of how they were controlled,' Meldrum-Hanna said. Mr Williams left Australia 38 years ago to convert hundreds of young people to his religious group throughout Europe. The headquarters of CAI are now in Coffs Harbour in northern NSW. Meldrum-Hanna said the revelations weren't just based on the testimony of former members, but documents and financial records from CAI. 'There was enormous pressure placed on members to donate to this organisation. We're talking 10 percent of their gross income plus many more offerings throughout the year,' she said. The various former members interviewed by Four Corners left Mr Williams' group over a number of years but said there was a 'mass exodus' in 2006. The abuse detailed by the men and women, who until now have remained silent out of fear and shame, will be aired as part of a four-year ABC investigation . The headquarters of Christian Assemblies International group is now in Coffs Harbour in northern NSW . 'The ones who allege they were abused by Scott Williams... were concerned about others, like their own sons, so they came together to blow the whistle internally within the church,' Meldrum-Hanna said. Police carried out a four-year investigation of the CAI group and the results of that investigation will be revealed by Four Corners when it airs on Monday night. The program approached Mr Williams and senior people in the church about the claims, but all requests for interviews were denied. Mr Williams, now 70, lives with his wife Ree in a beachfront apartment in Coffs Harbour. It is one of the many properties he purchased with church donations.By . Jennifer Newton . An unknown man who captured his own image in a photobooth 445 times over 30 years is proving to be a mystery. Starting in the 1930s, he took black and white selfies in a photobooth over three decades until the 1960s, charting his passage through time. Most of the pictures show the mystery man grinning at the camera in the photobooth while others show him almost scowling as his mood changes. For three decades this unknown man took over 445 selfies in photobooths from the 1930s to the 1960s. They now form a new exhibition at Rutgers University . It is thought the man may have been a photobooth technician and took the pictures as a way of testing the equipment . Nobody knows for sure exactly who the man is, or indeed why he took the pictures of himself over the 30 years, especially as taking self portraits were a lot harder back then. In some of the pictures he is seen sporting a fedora and smoking a pipe, while other times he is dressed in a suit. The pictures are now being shared in an exhibition at Rutgers University in New Jersey in an appropriately named show called '445 Portraits of Man'. Nobody knows for sure exactly who the man is, or indeed why he took the pictures of himself over the 30 year period . The exhibit is being shown at the Rutgers' Zimmerli Art Museum in New Brunswick and they say they are taking these early selfies and showing them as art. The images on display of the unknown man were taken during a time when photobooths were hugely popular in the United States. The 445 prints are owned by historian Donald Lokuta, who bought the pictures two years ago at a New York City antiques show. The pictures are owned by historian Donald Lokuta, who bought the images at an antiques show in New York City in 2012 . He originally only came across a handful of the photographs but the dealer told him there were hundreds more images of the man and he decided to buy them all. Mr Lokuta told Rutgers: 'As a historian, I knew this was very rare, but on a deeper level, I wondered, "Why would somebody want to take almost 500 photos of himself in a photobooth?"' 'Thereâ€™s quite an age difference in the photos: You see him as younger man and then with a white, receding hairline and wrinkles.' It is thought the mystery man in the pictures could be from the Midwest and it is hoped the exhibition will shed new light on his identity . Mr Lokuta also added that based on conversations with another historian, it could be likely that the mystery man was a photobooth technician, who was taking the pictures to test out the equipment. It is also likely that he hailed from the U.S. Midwest, and it is hoped the exhibition will shed new light on who the man is. It is thought the photos originated previously from an auction in Michigan.(CNN) -- When someone tells you to go jump in a lake, sometimes it's best to take their advice. For one golfer, it saved him from a world of hurt. At first, Pablo Larrazabal thought nothing was out of the ordinary when he swatted an insect away from his face at a tournament in Malaysia on Friday. The next thing he knew, he was being attacked by a swarm of hornets. "They were three times the size of bees," said the Spaniard. "They were huge and 30 or 40 of them started to attack me big time. "I didn't know what to do. My caddy told me to run, so I start running like a crazy guy, but the hornets were still there, so the other players told me to jump in the lake. "I ran to the lake, threw my scorecard down, took off my shoes and jumped in the water. "It was the scariest moment of my career, for sure. I've never been so scared." Thankfully, after some treatment, the 30-year-old was able to continue. Remarkably, he birdied the hole he was on when the attack occurred -- the 14th -- then completed his second round in four-under-par 68, which meant he made the halfway cut of the European Tour event. "The referees and a doctor took me aside and gave me a couple of injections and told me to relax," Larrazabal said on the European Tour website. "After the injections I felt a lot better and could continue. Without the help of the referees I couldn't have finished the round, because I was in no state to play golf. "Tomorrow it will be very, very scary to play that hole. I'm not sure what I'm going to do, but hopefully I will play it as quickly as I can." Larrazabal, ranked 65th in the world, has won one tournament this year -- at January's Abu Dhabi Championship, where he beat major winners Rory McIlroy and Phil Mickelson by one shot to claim the $2.7 million first prize. He will go into the weekend at the Malaysian Open tied for 25th place, trailing leader Lee Westwood by 11 shots. The Englishman, a former world No. 1, followed up his opening 65 with a 66 to be four clear of European Ryder Cup teammate Nicolas Colsaerts. The Belgian was tied for second with 327th-ranked Antonio Lascuna of the Philippines, who finished 90th in the Kuala Lumpur tournament last year.Liverpool are heading for Miami to do battle with arch rivals Manchester United on Monday after a comfortable 2-0 win over a dismal AC Milan side in Charlotte. Goals from Joe Allen and Suso made it three wins out of three for Brendan Rodgers' men in the International Champions Cup. Liverpool were already assured of top spot in their group following Manchester City's 5-4 defeat to Olympiacos on penalties earlier in the day after it had finished 2-2. VIDEO Scroll down to watch some of Liverpool's highlights from their pre-season US tour . Great start: Joe Allen is congratulated by Rickie Lambert after his opener for Liverpool against AC Milan . Young star: Raheem Sterling looks to take the ball of Milan midfielder Michael Essien . Spurned: Rickie Lambert missed a penalty for Liverpool, a great chance for an early goal in his Reds career . LIVERPOOL: Mignolet, Kelly (Johnson 60), Toure (Sakho 60), Coates (Skrtel 60), Robinson Enrique 60), Lucas (Gerrard 60), Henderson (Suso 46), Allen (Can 60), Lambert (Peterson 60), Ibe (Coutinho 60), Sterling (Coady 46). Goals: Allen (17), Suso (89). AC MILAN: Abbiati (Gabriel 46), Abate (Zapate 80), Bonera, Rami (Mexes 66), De Sciglio, Essien (Cristante 66), Muntari (Poli 80), Saponara, Niang, Pazzini (Balotelli 46), El Shaarway (Honda 66). Referee: David Gantar . However, they made no mistake in front of a 70,000-strong crowd at the Bank of America Stadium as they easily dealt with the challenge of Milan, who had already been heavily beaten by Olympiacos and Man City. Rodgers used no fewer than 21 players to ensure his squad is ready for the first showdown with United since Louis van Gaal's appointment as David Moyes' successor. With Daniel Sturridge ruled out with a minor knock sustained in training and £20million new boy Lazar Markovic sidelined by a tendon problem, Liverpool made five changes following the win over Manchester City in New York. Brad Jones, Jose Enrique, Steven Gerrard, Philippe Coutinho and Sturridge were replaced by Simon Mignolet, Jack Robinson, Lucas Leiva, Jordon Ibe and Raheem Sterling. Lightning-quick teenage wingers Ibe and Sterling lit up the opening 45 minutes as their pace tormented Milan's overworked backline. Liverpool were in control from the start and took the lead in the 17th minute. Big crowd: Kolo Toure lead the team out in Charlotte on Saturday . Relaxed: Already in the final, Brendan Rodgers was able to give Steven Gerrard a rest . Allen's work rate created the chance as he dispossessed former Chelsea midfielder Michael Essien and burst clear. The Wales international fired against the woodwork and Sterling's effort from the follow up was blocked by Christian Abbiati. The ball fell back into the path of Allen, who volleyed home in style. Sterling was then denied by Abbiati before Kolo Toure made a crucial tackle to thwart Giampaolo Saponara at the other end. Ibe, who enjoyed a beneficial loan spell at Birmingham City last season, showcased his exciting potential. The youngster was on the receiving end of some rough treatment from former Portsmouth man Sulley Muntari but he picked himself up and battled on. Keeping tabs: The Liverpool manager and his backroom staff observe the game . Ibe began the attack which should have yielded a second goal in the 27th minute. He raced 50 yards before linking up with Lambert and Sterling, who was pulled to the ground by Adil Rami. Lambert, who never missed in his 34 penalties for Southampton, took responsibility but his spot-kick was kept out by Abbiati. Milan did threaten just before the break but Mignolet grabbed Mbaya Niang's strike at the second attempt and Allen dealt with the danger after Stephan El Shaarawy raced into the penalty area. Suso and Conor Coady came on for Henderson and Sterling as Rodgers began to rest players with one eye on Monday's final in Miami. There were eight more changes on the hour mark with the introduction of Steven Gerrard receiving a rapturous ovation from the 70,000-strong crowd. The raft of subs dented the flow of the game and chances were at a premium. Making an impression: Jordan Ibe (left) battles with Mattia De Sciglio for possession . Ibe continued to shine with another classy burst down the left as he got the better of Rami but Milan survived. Gerrard sparked panic with a through ball to Suso which triggered a thundering collision between Gabriel and Mattia De Sciglio. The Liverpool skipper went close from long range before Milan threatened to restore parity. Mbaye Niang went clean through but Mignolet raced out and made a brave sprawling save. Muntari's strike was then deflected wide before Liverpool killed off the Italians in the 89th minute. Coutinho raced into space down the left and teed up Suso, who swept a low left-footer into the far corner. Mignolet's stunning finger tip save denied Bryan Cristante deep into stoppage time as Liverpool march on to Miami on a high.By . Australian Associated Press . and Leesa Smith . The search for a 19 year-old Irish surfer who went missing after he was caught in a rip with two mates off Cape Byron has continued into Sunday. Rescue teams are facing treacherous conditions as they search waters off northern NSW. The group went surfing at around 10.35am on Saturday, and got into trouble in a strong rip off the north corner of Tallow Beach. A 26-year-old man was located in waters a short distance away and did not suffer any injuries while another man, 20, was found on rocks with minor injuries. Scroll down for video . Dangerous: The surfer was off Tallow Beach in New South Wales when he was swept away by a rip tide . Surf Life Saving Far North Coast Duty Officer Jimmy Keogh said the dangerous surf conditions and fading light caused the search to be suspended on Saturday night. SLSNSW's Elton Cummings said patient one was treated by ambulance officers on the beach while patient two who was also located, was very distressed about the third person. ‘Apparently he was right behind him - but so far the search has failed to located this person,’ Mr Cummings said on Saturday evening. ‘We are very concerned about this third person.’ He said the jet ski crews found it difficult to stay in the cold water for any length of time. With rough seas hitting the NSW coast this weekend, the Roads and Maritime Services are urging all boat users to take extreme care on the waters on Sunday. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.Could you give up the internet for Lent - or even for good? Following various reports about companies stealing information and complaints about oversharing on social media, a web hosting firm has created a nine-step guide on how to disappear from the web completely. It includes deactivating accounts, removing links from search results and how to remove yourself from various lists - and for people who'd rather just stay hidden than disappear, the guide also gives tips on how to use the internet anonymously. The infographic, pictured, from London-based WhoIsHostingThis, details the nine steps needed to remove yourself from the web. It includes deactivating accounts, such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Google+ . 1. Close your Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and LinkedIn accounts. 2. Search for yourself online and close any accounts you'd forgotten about. 3. Falsify information on accounts that can't be closed or deleted. 4. Unsubscribe from mailing lists. 5. Delete search engine results. 6. Contact websites directly and ask them to remove details about yourself. 7. Ask data clearing houses - companies that collect and sell data to other firms - to remove your records. 8. Ask to be unlisted in phone books and online directories. 9. Delete your email accounts. 'Social media has made everyone’s life an open book - one that’s open a bit too far in some cases. ‘For [people] concerned about their personal information potentially costing them jobs and relationships, the decision to ‘pull the plug’ is an increasingly attractive one,' said London-based WhoIsHostingThis (WIHT). ‘While it might seem impossible to keep your private life private, the truth is you can disappear online with a little effort and dedication.' There are a number of sites that can help users delete their information, such as DeleteMe and JustDelete.me. However, for people who want to do the job manually, WhoIsHostingThis' infographic details the nine steps needed to disappear from online completely. The first step involves deactivating primary accounts, such as Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and LinkedIn. WIHT’s infographic gives step-by-step instructions for each account. In the second stage, WIHT recommends users search for themselves, pictured. This will reveal which sites a user has signed up for in the past, but no longer uses such as a MySpace. Search engines can help people track down their old web activity . The third step in WIHT's nine-step plan involves uploading false information into the accounts that can't be deleted, including fake names and locations, pictured. This has the double benefit of removing traces of the user, but also letting the user continue to use the web under an alter ego . In the second stage, WIHT recommends users search for themselves online. This reveals which sites a user has signed up for in the past, but no longer uses, such as a MySpace. The third step in WIHT’s nine-step plan involves uploading false information into the accounts that can’t be deleted, including fake names and locations. Step four involves unsubscribing from mailing lists using emails in an inbox and junk folder as a starting point. Step four involves unsubscribing from mailing lists that send emails to an inbox, or junk folder, pictured . The final two steps involve contacting phone companies and online directories, and asking to be made unlisted before deleting every email address, pictured . If, while searching from their name on Google, users find various links that include information about them, they can ask the search engine to remove them. Google has a URL removal tool, for example. However, Google is not obliged to remove links - especially if the website is owned or hosted by another company. In this instance, WIHT recommends contacting the website directly and asking them to remove any references. There are also services, known as data clearing houses, that collect information from sites to sell to advertisers, for example. WIHT admits this is one of the most difficult places to remove data from but suggests being persistent with phone calls and letters. The WIHT infographic also details tips on how to keep on top of online data, and how to browse anonymously using DuckDuckGo . The final two steps involve contacting phone companies and online directories, and asking to be made unlisted before deleting every email address. ‘In order to maintain your new-found anonymity, you must master reputation management, learn to use dummy accounts, and take advantage of anonymous searching - on sites such as Duck Duck Go,’ explained WIHT. 'Disappearing from the internet isn’t for everyone. But if you’re serious about your privacy, your security, and your reputation, taking the time to make yourself invisible online is worth the time and trouble.’Máiría Cahill won a by-election to fill the seat left vacant after Jimmy Harte of the Labour party resigned. Labour candidate Ms Cahill won 122 of the 188 valid votes cast by serving senators and members of parliament. Last year, she told the BBC she had been raped by an IRA man when she was 16, with the organisation forcing her into silence to protect itself. The man she accused of raping her was prosecuted but later acquitted of all charges against him after two separate court cases in 2014. Earlier this year, Northern Ireland's Public Prosecution Service apologised to Ms Cahill after a report into how it handled her allegations found delays in her case had been "unacceptable". Ms Cahill is a member of one of the Irish republican movement's most prominent families. But on Thursday, ahead of the by-election, she told Irish state broadcaster RTÉ she no longer considers herself a republican. She said she was "deeply sorry" for her involvement in the dissident group Republican Network for Unity, adding that it coincided with a vulnerable point in her life. "I didn't think about it at the time and I've had a lot of reflection since" she said. After her election, Ms Cahill said she would invite sex abuse organisations to the senate to discuss support for victims. "I want to use my time [in the senate] to continue to work for victims of abuse," she said. "That is the issue that has brought me to where I am today and it is the issue that I will continue to campaign on during my time as a senator. "I also want to use my time to explore ways of engaging young jobseekers in this country and to help change their lives for the better." Ms Cahill had been the favourite to win the by-election. The other candidates who stood were Fianna Fáil's Keith Swanick, who received 38 votes, Sinead Burke of Sinn Féin, who won 18 votes, and independent candidate Gerry Beades, who received 10.The 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami was the catalyst for a peace process in the restive Indonesian province of Aceh. Could Nepal's disaster also bring historic change? What's been agreed? Monday's 16-point agreement divides Nepal into eight federal states, the boundaries of which will be decided by a federal commission. The names of the states will be decided by a two-thirds majority vote in assemblies to be set up in each state. Nepal will have a parliamentary form of government with two houses. The lower house will have 275 members, 60% of whom will be directly elected, while 40% will be elected through proportional representation. The upper house will have 45 seats. The prime minister will have executive powers and be chosen from the biggest party or coalition in parliament. The country will also have a ceremonial president elected by parliament and provincial assemblies. A constitutional court will be set up for 10 years to resolve disputes. Did the earthquake focus minds? It's been nearly 10 years since Maoist rebels laid down their arms and joined Nepal's political process. Politicians agreed to write a new constitution by 2010, but have failed to come to an agreement. When the earthquake hit on 25 April, Nepal's prime minister, Sushil Koirala, was out of the country. It was several days before he and other politicians took a visible lead in directing rescue and relief efforts. There was a sense among Nepal's population that the political deadlock had affected the politicians' ability to respond to the crisis. They were under pressure to show they could deliver. However some believe the stronger parties took advantage of this to push through a deal which did not reflect the wishes of Nepal's smaller parties. What's the timetable? It's expected a draft constitution will be ready by July. It will then need to be approved by a two-thirds majority in parliament - the four parties who signed this deal have the numbers to do this. They are the Nepali Congress, the UML, the Maoists and one of the parties representing the Madhesi ethnic group from the south. A federal commission will then have six months to draw up the borders of the eight provinces and submit a proposal for approval in parliament, though there are fears this process could drag on for years. What are the stumbling blocks? The deal has been criticised as incomplete as it has yet to decide on the boundaries or names of the new provinces. "The stumbling block is that the question of federalism, which has been at the heart of Nepali's political discourse for over five years now, has not been resolved," says Prashant Jha, author of Battles of the New Republic: A Contemporary History of Nepal. There are fears that the commission to decide the boundaries could be politically influenced. Many small political parties which represent ethnic groups and people from the southern plains, the Terai, have already voiced their opposition. It's unclear whether their demands for better representation will be met. Will it really happen? After years of deadlock over the new constitution this is a significant breakthrough which sees the end of the division between Nepal's Maoists, who have been campaigning for federalism, and the country's established political elite who have been reluctanct to cede power from Kathmandu. But the deal could fall through because it does not resolve the differences between the country's main parties and its marginalised social and ethnic groups who feel excluded from this deal. "Until the big parties reach out to these forces, we cannot call this a social contract which has the buy-in of Nepal's diverse groups," says Prashant Jha.By . Victoria Woollaston . PUBLISHED: . 05:04 EST, 6 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:00 EST, 6 June 2013 . The world's oldest tumour has been discovered in the rib of a Neanderthal who lived around 130,000 years ago. Scientists at the University of Kansas took X-rays of the inch-long rib fragments - first found in the Krapina rock shelters of Croatia - and discovered parts of the inner bone were missing. Following CT scans the scientists discovered that this was likely to have been caused by soft-tissue tumour known in modern-day patients as fibrous dysplasia. Scans found that a small part of the inner bone network was missing and had been 'eaten away' by a soft-tissue tumour. This condition is called fibrous dysplasia . Fibrous dysplasia is an abnormal bone growth where normal bone is replaced with soft fibrous bone tissue. It can cause abnormal growth or . swelling of the bone. Although it can occur in any part of the . skeleton the soft tumours are most commonly found in the skull, thigh, shin, ribs, upper . arm and pelvis . Fibrous dysplasia is not cancerous but is rare and there is no known cure. The disorder is usually diagnosed in childhood or early adulthood. Males and females of any race are equally affected. The bones studied by Kansas university anthropologist David Frayer and his team were first excavated more than 100 years ago in Croatia. The site, known as the Krapina rock shelter, in the north of the country held more than 900 Neanderthal bones dating back from between 120,000 and 130,000 years ago. Frayer wanted to scan the bones because many of them showed signs of trauma and marks that happened after the neanderthal had died. Many of the 900 neanderthal bones found in Croatia had evidence of trauma or possible bite marks. This scan taken during the 1980s by researchers in Pennsylvania has a white area of overexposure which was the first evidence that a tumour had 'eaten away' the bone . The detailed scans show exactly where the bone has been 'eaten away' These marks suggest either cannibalism or burial rituals. Researchers . from the University of Pennsylvania took X-rays of the bones during the . 1980s and published a book containing all the radiographs. One of the inch-long rib fragments was shown to have sections of bone that were 'burned out' in the X-ray images. 'Burned out' sections of X-rays suggest over exposure, and in the rib bones this overexposure was caused by missing bone in the inner part of the fragment. Frayer used these images as a guide to take new, higher-resolution X-rays of the specimens. His team also scanned the bones using high-resolution microCT scanners that doctors currently use on modern-day patients. The microCT scan found that the 'spongy bone' which should be on the inner part of the fragment was missing and may have been 'eaten away' by a soft-tissue tumour. This type of tumour is seen in modern-day patients and is called fibrous dysplasia. Fibrous dysplasia is an abnormal bone growth where normal bone is replaced with fibrous bone tissue. It can cause abnormal growth or swelling of the bone and although it can occur in any part of the skeleton, it is most commonly found in the skull, thigh, shin, ribs, upper arm and pelvis . Fibrous dysplasia is not cancerous but is rare and there is no known cure. Frayer reported the findings in the journal PLOS ONE. He told LiveScience: 'People . of that time didn't live as long as they did today; plus, there weren't . very many of them compared to the Egyptians and people today. 'Finding evidence of tumors and evidence of cancers, is - . I don't know if I want to say "lucky" - but there isn't a lot of . evidence for it.' It was previously thought that climate change and a reduction in tree cover forced early man to stand up, but now experts believe the rocky African landscape played a far more significant role . Describing the type of tumour that was found, Frayer added: 'They range all the way from being totally benign, where you wouldn’t . recognize them, to being extremely painful. 'The size . of this one, and the bulging of it, probably caused the individual . pain.' Previously the earliest known tumours were found in Egyptian mummies dating back 4,000 years so this discovery predates this find significantly. A study released earlier this month discovered that Neanderthals lost out to homo sapiens in the battle to survive because they were not clever enough to adapt. The . results showed that . modern man walked the planet much earlier than was believed and Neanderthals died out much sooner than was estimated. Neanderthals had larger eyes than Homo sapiens but did not develop brain power in the same way. This meant that Homo sapiens were able to outsmart and ultimately outlive Neanderthals who had to use their brains more for physical rather than mental needs . Neanderthals breastfed their babies for over a year - just like humans, according to new research. Chemical . analysis of a neanderthal child's tooth reveal it was reared on . mother's milk for seven months with suckling continuing for the same . period coupled with solid food. The . change from breastfeeding to plants and grains can be established by . looking at differences in the distribution of barium – a similar . compound to calcium - in teeth enamel. This . enabled Dr Manish Arora and colleagues at Mount Sinai School of . Medicine in New York to discover the early life diet of a 10 to 12 . year-old child that lived in a cave in Belgium around 100,000 years ago. The . brains of Neanderthals were the same size as those of modern man but . more of it was used to focus on the physical needs of their larger . bodies. Researchers from the University of York additionally found that early man began to walk on two feet because of rocky terrain and not climate change. The study found that our upright gait may . have its origins in the rugged landscape of East and South Africa which . was shaped during the Pliocene epoch by volcanoes and shifting tectonic . plates. Hominins, human's early ancestors, would . have been attracted to the terrain of rocky outcrops and gorges because . it offered shelter and opportunities to trap prey. But it also required . more upright scrambling and climbing gaits, prompting the emergence of . bipedalism.Media playback is not supported on this device World champion Hamilton started from the back, suffered a broken front wing on lap one and did five pit stops. The Briton faces the prospect of trying to overhaul a 36-point deficit in the remaining 18 races of the season. Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel came second despite colliding with team-mate Kimi Raikkonen on the first lap. The incident damaged both cars, with Raikkonen fighting back to fifth behind the Red Bulls of Daniil Kvyat and Daniel Ricciardo. Raikkonen's rise through the field included passing Hamilton in the closing stages, Ferrari's decision to use soft tyres for the final stint as opposed to the mediums chosen by Mercedes giving the Finn an advantage as the Briton fought in vain to try to pass the Williams of Felipe Massa. Hamilton will express his confidence at being able to erode Rosberg's points lead and will expect his awful luck of the first three races to turnaround - but the fact remains that no driver who has won the first three races of a season has failed to go on to claim the World Championship. The race was shaped by an incident-packed opening, with a number of collisions on the first lap leading to the introduction of the safety car on lap four. By that stage, Hamilton and Raikkonen had already pitted once to replace front wings damaged in first-corner collisions. Raikkonen moved right into Vettel's path as the German moved left to ensure he was not tagged by an aggressive dive down the inside by Kvyat. Hamilton was then turned into by Sauber's Felipe Nasr as he avoided Raikkonen's damaged car swerving back on to the circuit. Vettel confronted Kvyat about the incident in the pre-podium room after the race, saying: "If I don't go left, you crash into us and we all three go out - you are like a torpedo." Kvyat replied: "We didn't crash." Vettel responded: "You didn't. You were lucky this time." Kvyat shrugged: "I'm on the podium; you're on the podium." In the post-race interviews, Kvyat added: "You see the gap, you go for it on the inside. You see one car it is hard to see both. It was a risky move, I agree with Seb but you have to take risks and I am on the podium." Listen to Vettel's post-race rant At the front, Ricciardo had made a stunning start to take the lead from pole-sitter Rosberg at the first corner. In the process his left-rear wheel had been tagged by Rosberg's front wing. Whether it was that or the debris on the track, Ricciardo suffered a left-rear puncture on lap three, allowing the Mercedes to pass. Ricciardo would almost certainly not have been able to hold off Rosberg in any case, but his removal from the lead left the German serene out front. Mercedes decided not to stop him under the safety car and when the race re-started on lap nine, Rosberg simply drove off into the distance. Listen to the first-lap madness Hamilton, meanwhile, was in the wars. Mercedes stopped him twice under the safety car, doing only one lap on the super-soft tyres in an attempt to ensure he could use only the softs for the rest of the race. So Hamilton had done three stops within the first six laps and he was lying third from last at the restart. He began his fightback from there, with the Ferraris doing the same - Vettel starting from 11th and Raikkonen not far behind Hamilton, who said his progress had been affected by damage to the car in the incident with Nasr. "The car was pretty damaged," said the 31-year-old afterwards. "I'm sure it was some aero components but I think it was the suspension as well because it was flexing all over the place." Mercedes F1 boss Toto Wolff said the front wing had damaged the leading edge of the floor and the barge boards when it came off and that the car had lost a "lot of aerodynamic performance". After a further switch to the medium compound tyres to last the race, Hamilton was not able to recover as much ground as the Ferraris and faces an uphill battle if he is to stop Rosberg winning his first world title this year. Chinese Grand Prix race results Chinese Grand Prix coverage detailsOne of the main features Apple devices are missing is the option to easily increase an iPhone and iPad's built-in storage. But now a company from California has created a USB flash drive that connects to Apple's Lightning connector. It’s not the first flash drive to feature a Lightning connector, but it is the first to be approved by Apple and can be used to stream films when there's no web connection, or easily transfer files to a PC. Scroll down for video . Called iStick, the device, pictured, was created by . San Francisco firm HYPER. It’s not the first USB drive to feature a Lightning connector, but it is the first to be approved by Apple and can be used to stream films when there's no web connection, or easily transfer files to a PC . Capacity: 8GB, 16GB, 32GB, 64GB and 128GB . Connectors: Standard USB 2.0 and Apple MFi-Certified Lightning Connector . Dimensions: 51.6 x 28.6 x 9.1mm . Weight: 10g . Colours: White, black, gold and silver . Compatibility: iPhone 5, 5S and 5C, iPad (4th generation), iPad mini, iPad mini with Retina display, iPad Air, iPod touch (5th generation) Early Bird Prices (50% off retail price): $65 (£3) for 8GB, $85 (£50) for a 16GB model, $100 (£59) for 32GB, $150 (£89) for the 64GB version and $199 (£118) for 128GB. Called iStick, the device was created by San Francisco firm HYPER, which currently makes portable power packs for Apple’s Macbook, as well as other Apple accessories. Storage options range from 8GB to 64GB and Early Bird Kickstarter prices, which offer 50 per cent off the retail price, start at $65 (£38). Other prices include $85 (£50) for a 16GB model, $100 (£59) for 32GB, $150 (£89) for the 64GB version and $199 (£118) for 128GB. The drive can be used to store files, including films, music, photos and documents, and transfer these files to a computer or any device with a USB connector. At the moment, the best way to increase storage on an Apple device is to upload it to the cloud, but this is less secure than a USB drive and becomes near-on useless without a web connection. The iStick, pictured, removes the need for this connection and means users can stream films on a plane, for example . At the moment, the best way to increase storage on an Apple device is to upload it to the cloud, but this is less secure than a USB drive and becomes near-on useless without a web connection. The iStick removes the need for this connection and means users can stream films on a plane, for example. Once the Kickstarter project ends on 17 June, prices are expected to rise to $129 (£77) for 8GB, $169 (£100) for 16GB, $199 (£118) for 32GB, $299 (£177) for 64GB and $399 (£237) for 128GB. The iStick is due to be shipped by August and shipping costs outside the U.S will add an extra $10 (£6) to the price. To use iStick, owners will additionally need to download an iOS app, which will be available after the stick has launched. The iStick is due to be shipped by August. It will be available in white, black, gold and silver and will be compatible with the iPhone 5, 5S, pictured left, 5C, pictured right, the iPad (4th generation), iPad mini, iPad mini with Retina display, iPad Air, pictured centre, and iPod touch (5th generation)By . Sarah Johnson . PUBLISHED: . 13:02 EST, 17 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:16 EST, 18 December 2012 . Christmas is a time for overindulgence. But this hungry hound took it too far when he swallowed a foot of fairy lights. Charlie, a seven-year-old crossbreed . dog from Southampton, had to be rushed to the operating table and saved by a team of vets who performed . life-saving surgery on him. Scroll down for video . All lit up: A team of vets had to operate on a dog that swallowed a foot of Christmas fairy lights . Owner Sharon Fay, who refers to her dog as the ‘light of her life’, became concerned when she noticed bits of wire sticking out of Charlie's faeces in the garden. The 45-year-old said: ‘I hadn't even noticed that the lights had been chewed at this stage but it quickly became clear what had happened. ‘Back in March he ate one of my scarves and needed an operation to remove it, but I thought it was just a one-off incident as he hadn't shown any signs that he was going to be a repeat offender. I've had dogs all my life and have never known a dog act like this before.’ An X-ray shed light on Charlie's problem - the tangled remains of the decorations showed up in his stomach and would have proved fatal if they were not removed. Shedding light on the situation: This X-ray shows the tangled remains of the decorations in the dog's stomach . A light snack: Charlie eyes up some fairy lights. He has a track record for eating bizarre objects like his owner's scarf . Vets rushed Charlie to the operating table and removed the Christmas decorations, also finding a shoelace. PDSA senior veterinary surgeon Sophie Bell said that she had never seen a case like this before. ‘Over the years I've seen plenty of cases of dogs swallowing strange objects - socks, dummies, rubber ducks, but it's the first time any of us have treated a dog that has actually eaten fairy lights,’ she said. ‘A foreign body of this nature could easily have caused severe internal injuries so Charlie was very, very lucky. He was also fortunate that the glass didn't cut his mouth or throat. And he could have been electrocuted if he'd bitten through the wire when the lights were switched on. 'Light of my life': Owner Sharon Fay became concerned when she saw bits of wire sticking out of Charlie's faeces in the garden . ‘With the Christmas season upon us, I'd advise owners to keep any edible items out of reach of inquisitive pets to avoid them from becoming ill over the festive season.’ Charlie returned home and has since gone on to make a full recovery, much to the delight of his owner. Ms Fay said: ‘I'll certainly be keeping an extra close eye on him from now on and have Charlie-proofed my house now.’ PDSA is advising pet owners to be extra cautious this Christmas. Its vets see many cases of pets getting their paws on inappropriate festive items every year, ranging from Christmas decorations, chocolate and cocktail sticks to toys, balloons and bones.Starting in 1996, Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive. Flowing in every day, these data are added to the Wayback Machine after an embargo period. ||||| Ever wonder who's more stupid: Justin Bieber's followers or Ashton Kutcher's? Well, wonder no more — there's a new app in town that will gauge Twitter idiocy for you. Tom Scott, of Tweleted fame, has come out with a new website called Stupid Fight that measures the mental capacity of someone's Twitter followers by sifting through the last 100 people to @ reply to the person in question. According to the site's FAQs: "It estimates based on several stupid indicators. Are they using twenty exclamation marks in a row? Do they endlessly use the abbreviation 'OMG'? Do they seem incapable of working out where their Shift key is? These indicators have a strong correlation with the message, and its sender, being stupid." Scott hypes the site as a way to determine how stupid the followers of celebs are, but it works just as well with your personal Twitter account. We pit Bieber and Kutcher against each other below as a test. Seeing as how "Justin Bieber" is an extremely popular trending topic, the results are actually quite worrisome. [Thanks for the tip, @chrisdontpanic!] |||||By . Peter Allen . PUBLISHED: . 04:57 EST, 20 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 05:33 EST, 20 March 2013 . investigations: The French Foreign office is investigating reports that geologist Philippe Verdon was beheaded by terror group Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb on March 10 . Al Qaeda terrorists today claimed to have beheaded a French hostage in retaliation for his country’s war in Mali. Foreign Office officials in Paris said they were trying to verify reports of the horrific death of Philippe Verdon, who has been in captivity for the past 14 months. Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM), which is waging a terrorist campaign against the French Army in Mali, claims it cut the geologist’s head off on March 10 ‘in response to France’s intervention in Northern Mali.’ Referring to Francois Hollande, a spokesman for the group calling himself Al-Qairawani added: ‘The French President Hollande is responsible for the lives of the other French hostages.’ There are at least 14 French hostages currently held by Al Qaeda in west Africa, including seven by AQIM. It means that France, which has already lost five soldiers fighting in Mali since the war started in January, is slowly being sucked into an increasingly bloody terrorist war. Mr Hollande sent a force into Mali specifically to prevent the north of the country from being used as a launch pad for terror attacks in Africa and in the West. Mr Verdon, who is in his 50s, was captured on November 24 2011 along with Serge Lazarevic, a colleague. The men, who were on a business trip, were kidnapped from their hotel in Hombori, in the north of Mali. AQIM claimed that both men were secret agents or mercenaries, and later released a video of Mr Verdon in captivity. The hostages’ families have expressed growing fears about the men’s safety, especially following the invasion of Mali. On Monday, Mr Verdon’s father . Jean-Pierre Verdon said: ‘We are in a total fog and it is impossible to . live this way. We have no information.’ Captured: Mr Verdon has been held captive for 14 months, having been captured on November 24 2011 along with colleague Serge Lazarevic . No information: On Monday, Mr Verdon¿s father Jean-Pierre Verdon said: ¿We are in a total fog and it is impossible to live this way. We have no information¿ . The Verdon family were particularly concerned by Mr Hollande’s firm announcement that France would not pay ransoms. French forces arrived in Mali on January 11 to help the Malian Army against Al-Qaeda fighters who had controlled the north of the country since April 2012. France now has more than 4,000 troops on the ground in Mali, most carrying out clean-up operations after driving out most of the Islamist rebels from the area. Senior Al-Qaeda commanders Mokhtar Belmokhtar and Abdelhamid Abou Zeid are believed to have been killed in Mali earlier this month. A rescue operation ordered by Mr Hollande to free a French secret agent held hostage in Somalia since mid-2009 ended in failure in January after he was killed along with two French soldiers.University of East Anglia researchers tested 594 bio-science students in their first week of term at five universities. Almost all had a grade A*, A or B in biology at A-level. But on average they answered 60% of questions from their A-level core syllabus incorrectly. The researchers blame an emphasis on teaching to the test. Researchers tested students at: They were told about the test beforehand but were not given any details about its content or subject focus. The researchers said it was unlikely, therefore, that students would have revised for the test before taking it. They were given 50 minutes to answer 38 multiple choice questions on cells, genetics, biochemistry and physiology. Lead researcher for the study, Dr Harriet Jones, said: "This is the first research carried out in collaboration with an exam board to investigate how much information is lost between students sitting their A-levels and arriving at university three months later. "We found that students had forgotten around 60% of everything they learned for their A-levels. "Universities expect their students to arrive with a high level of knowledge. "What our research shows is that students are arriving at university with fantastic A-level grades, but having forgotten much of what they actually learned for their exams." Dr Jones said the trend to teach to the test, to ensure good results for schools' reputations, was the problem. "This is undoubtedly a problem caused by secondary schools gearing all of their teaching towards students doing well in exams, in order to achieve league-table success," she said. "But cramming facts for an exam doesn't give students a lasting knowledge of their subject. "School and university have very different demands. In higher education, students cannot rely solely on memorising information, so it is important that students can adapt to a more in-depth approach to learning." In response to concerns that A-levels were not preparing students adequately for the rigours of degree-level study, Education Secretary Michael Gove has announced changes to A-level courses. From September 2015, A-level syllabuses in England will be linear, with all assessment at the end of two years of study, rather than the current modular style of study. Leading universities are also closely involved in developing the content of the new A levels, to ensure students are fully prepared for university study. The UEA report said: "If A-levels are to be redesigned to enhance their impact for students entering higher education, then creating programmes which encourage retention of key concepts should be a key factor to consider." The report concludes: "Secondary education has become increasingly politicised, which involves greater emphasis on testing and results of tests, target setting and performance."The Australian Federal Police is investigating reports of a Brisbane girl being taken from her home to undergo genital mutilation in Africa. It is believed the girl is between the ages of four and seven and is travelling with her father, The Guardian Australia reported. The child was born in Sierra Leone but was taken to Gambia to have the procedure before Christmas. Scroll down for video . It is believed the girl is between the ages of four and seven and is travelling with her father to Gambia for female genital mutilation . An AFP spokeswoman confirmed to Daily Mail Australia they were investigating the allegations. 'AFP has received a referral in relation to FGM and as we are currently conducting enquiries, no more comment can be offered at this point in time,' she said. But there are fears police intervention is too late, with west African community members in Brisbane telling The Guardian Australia the girl may have already had the procedure. Female genital mutilation is illegal in Australia, as is removing children to undergo the procedure. An example of knife and blades used for FGM, which is illegal in Australia, but three girls a day are at risk of it . Three girls a day are at risk of female genital mutilation (FGM) in Australia. There are four types of FGM including clitoridectomy, excision, infibulation and other. No FGM director Paula Ferrari told Daily Mail Australia more needed to be done to educate people about the dangers of the procedure. Source: World Health Organisation . She said the girls who were most at risk of FGM were those who came from a community where the practice is accepted, or had a mother or sibling who had experienced it. In the case of the Brisbane girl, Ms Ferrari said the child had this history. 'The question could be asked if this could have been prevented because she had ticked two of these boxes,' she said. Foreign Affairs Minister Julie Bishop has urged relatives or friends to blow the whistle on anyone taking children abroad to undergo female genital mutilation. But it is virtually impossible for authorities to step in without evidence of somebody's intentions, Ms Bishop told Fairfax Radio on Tuesday. 'If somebody just presents with a passport and they're heading off overseas and we have no evidence to provide us with any cause to prevent the person leaving, then of course that happens,' she said. 'People are free to travel on an Australian passport if they have a valid passport.' Ms Bishop said it was vital family members or friends who were in the know about such plans let authorities know. 'This equally applies to foreign terrorist fighters,' she said. 'It's the families that we need to hear from if there are such matters occurring.' Relatives were the ones most likely to notice changes in behaviour or the beginning of radicalisation, Ms Bishop said. '[Whether it's] a girl leaving for overseas for this brutal, barbaric practice, or whether it's people leaving for overseas to take up with terrorist organisations.'Carnes, Mississippi (CNN) -- The deaths of two Mississippi teens are about to put a national focus on a little-recognized problem. Devon Byrd, 16, and Wade White, 18, were killed when a natural gas tank at a well production site exploded last fall in Carnes, in southern Mississippi. Local teenagers said the site is a popular hangout because it's quiet and secluded. But the dead teens' parents say the explosion could have been prevented if some warning signs had been posted -- "something simple as fences, gates and signs, probably very inexpensive, and certainly a lot less expensive that what a child's life is worth," said White's father, Phillip. Police say they don't know exactly what ignited flammable vapors inside the tank. When it exploded, the teenagers were killed instantly. Their bodies were found about 40 yards from the tank's base; the tank landed another 20 yards from them. Investigators say they found a lighter, but don't know whether it was involved. "I couldn't believe that my child was gone," White's mother, Wanda, told CNN. The White and Byrd families have an ally in their camp. The Chemical Safety Board, created by Congress, investigated the accident and found at least 40 other deaths involving oil and gas wells in the past 25 years. Most of them involved young people. The CSB says it found a patchwork of laws nationwide that don't uniformly address security around oil and gas wells. It's asking the industry to police itself by voluntarily installing fences and warning signs. "If these tanks are sitting out there in the middle of nowhere, no protection around them, no warning, they are just an accident waiting to happen," CSB Chairman John Bresland told CNN. Delphi Oil, the company that owns the tank that blew up, told CNN it could not discuss the accident because of pending negligence lawsuits filed by the families. A spokesman called the boys' deaths tragic, but the company says it is complying with all rules. However, authorities tell CNN there are no state regulations requiring locked gates or no-smoking signs. "He may be in compliance," Forrest County Sheriff Billy McGee told CNN. "But there's nothing in the rules for him to be in compliance with." Carnes is about 40 miles north of the Gulf Coast. In nearby Laurel, city zoning laws require oil and gas tanks to be fenced in with warning signs, according to Emergency Management District Executive Director Terry Steed. The CSB asked family and friends of Byrd and White to help them make an educational video about the dangers of oil and gas production sites. It's called "No Place to Hang Out," and it's part of a national campaign starting this week to teach young people about the potential danger of tanks. But it also urges the industry to improve itself. "There's nothing we can do to bring Devon and Wade back, " said White's girlfriend, Maria Thompson, 16. "But if it can save someone else's life, I'd like to see it happen." "Like McDonalds," added another friend, Shawn Ashlee Davis. "They have to put 'Caution. This coffee's hot' (on their cups). I really think they need signs warning 'This is a dangerous place.' " Mississippi state Sen. Billy Hudson told CNN he plans to introduce a state law requiring barbed-wire-topped fences, locked gates and "Danger - Keep Out" signs. "There's no guarantees," Hudson said. "You could cut the fence with a bolt cutter, or you can shoot off a lock. But it'll be a deterrent, and it's a step in the right direction." White's father says his son would be proud that friends and family are speaking out: "He'd be proud that we're trying to do something to keep other kids and other families from going through what we're going through."For a man who really did not want to talk on Saturday evening, Jose Mourinho woke on Sunday having had a serious re-think, invited himself on to Sky Sports and let loose. While admitting he might be talking his way to a touchline ban, the Chelsea manager launched a live verbal assault from his position on the Goals on Sunday sofa, taking aim at various targets which included an attack on Sky’s own coverage. It was very neatly planned and executed by a man employed as an ambassador for rival broadcasters BT Sport, and James Beattie, the show’s scheduled guest, was nowhere to be seen. Jose Mourinho says the incidents in the 1-1 draw with Burnley were 'clear for everyone, not just me' Mourinho says referees should be given assistance by video technology if they can't get decisions right . 'Mourinho is wrong to imply an orchestrated campaign, but entitled to ask questions. His players, fine players, are frequently under siege.' Click HERE to read Sportsmail's Chief Sports Writer Martin Samuel on Jose Mourinho's Goals on Sunday appearance . Mourinho has bemoaned these things for weeks but Burnley striker Ashley Barnes and referee Martin Atkinson pushed him over the edge as Chelsea dropped precious points in a 1-1 draw at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. He lashed out at Barnes, branding his tackle on Nemanja Matic ‘criminal’ and ‘career-ending’ and recalled for the audience a seven-match ban imposed on the striker two years ago when he tripped a referee while playing for Brighton against Bolton. And he called for more technology to help officials who ‘can’t see a penalty three metres in front of him’ and claimed Chelsea were ‘not getting the respect they deserve’ with a long sequence of bad decisions. It was an incredible performance, even by Mourinho standards of showmanship and revolved around his four chosen moments from the Burnley game: two failed penalty appeals and two challenges by Barnes. ‘What can I say that everybody doesn’t know?’ the Chelsea manager began. ‘Sometimes there is space for discussion where you have one view and I have another, but I can’t believe these four incidents are open to interpretation. This studs-up tackle from Ashley Barnes infuriated Nemanja Matic and Mourinho backed up his player . Matic's reaction to Barnes's tackle earned the Serbian a red card - he'll now miss the Capital One Cup final . Mourinho shot from the lip during his surprise appearance on Goals on Sunday on Sky Sports . ‘At half-time Burnley should be playing with 10 men and Chelsea should have had two penalties and be winning 3-0, or let’s say 2-0 if we miss one of the penalties. The reality is that in the end we end the game with 10 men and we lose two points.’ The first penalty appeal was for handball when a shot by Branislav Ivanovic crashed into Michael Kightly’s outstretched arm. ‘The arm stopped the ball hitting the target,’ said Mourinho. ‘He’s far away; it’s not one metre, not a few inches, it’s quite far. Players should be taught to keep balance even in difficult situations, making difficult bio-mechanical actions and putting their arms behind the body to avoid this. For me, this is a penalty everywhere. ‘The best players in the world make mistakes, they miss penalties, and this gentleman is one of the top referees in this country and Europe and he can also make mistakes. He made four important mistakes. It is consistent but we must search for consistency in the right way. The lawyer who has lost 15 cases out of 15 is consistent but you don’t want that lawyer.’ The second penalty appeal was for a push by Jason Shackell on Costa, but Mourinho went back to the opening game of the Barclays Premier League campaign when his centre forward was booked for a dive at Turf Moor. Mourinho requested to go on Goals on Sunday and planned guest James Beattie had to make way . Atkinson, the referee for Chelsea's 1-1 draw with Burnley, was criticised for his decisions on Saturday . ‘The penalty story with Diego Costa started on day one, because it is a penalty and a red card for the goalkeeper,’ he said. ‘Michael Oliver — also one of the top referees in the country and soon to be one of the best in Europe — gives a yellow card to Diego and a free-kick against Chelsea.’ During the course of this 29-minute section of the show, he noted other penalties his team deserved but did not get — against Everton, Southampton, Liverpool and Tottenham — and insisted only once had he benefited from a dubious decision, when Gary Cahill escaped a handball at Liverpool. ‘Probably I am risking my place in the dug-out in the final because I risk being suspended by having this conversation in a studio,’ Mourinho went on. ‘I know in football sometimes you get them and sometimes you don’t but it’s too much. I try to be calm and controlled but my players are not getting the respect they deserve.’ When it came to analysing the Barnes challenges, one on Ivanovic and one on Matic, which provoked his dismissal for a retaliatory shove, the Chelsea manager said: ‘This Burnley player involved in two actions has a grey past. There was a very dark point in his career when he was at Brighton and suspended for seven matches, because of a big incident with a referee. Mourinho appeared to be agitated during the game too, airing his frustrations to media after the match . The Chelsea boss was particularly unhappy with the performance of referee Atkinson . ‘Should this player be chased because of what he did in the past? I don’t think so. When people look at these two incidents I hope they only see these two incidents. I don’t think it should have any relation with his history. ‘When I see Diego Costa on day one in the Premier League, penalty and red card to the goalkeeper, game over 2-0, transformed into a free-kick and yellow for Costa, I think he has changed country but brought with him his past in the eyes of the officials. This is clearly not fair. ‘When I finish the game against Liverpool and go to the dressing room, the first thing I see on the big screen we have in the dressing room is about Diego Costa’s ‘crimes’. Well, I would like to know how Sky Sports describe the actions of the Burnley player yesterday when you call what Diego Costa did a crime.’ With his sidekick Chris Kamara struck by temporary paralysis beside him, Sky host Ben Shephard admitted there may have been a mistake with the language in the immediate aftermath of Costa’s stamp on Emre Can, in the Capital One Cup semi-final, which prompted a three-match ban. Mourinho covered a range of subjects during his appearance on Goals on Sunday . ‘Did you apologise to Chelsea or to Diego or to me as Chelsea manager?’ asked Mourinho. ‘You did not. You never apologised. I don’t like the use of language and don’t like it that immediately there is public judgment. ‘You give no space to the people who have to decide. The pressure was so much that it gave no space and you don’t do this with every club and every player. When you say Diego’s “crimes” because he put his foot on another man you have to say this is a criminal tackle, minimum. When Diego Costa had a three-match ban, tell me how many matches you think this player deserves. ‘What happened was similar to what happened to Eden Hazard at Stoke but I would say yesterday was worse because this was “end of career”, I can’t find an adjective any stronger than to say “end of career”. Matic is a lucky guy. I can’t find words to describe what that player did. ‘Matic had reason to lose his emotions. What are the consequences of Matic’s push on the other player? Nothing. One second later, he stands and goes. The consequence for Matic could be the end of career.’ Mourinho did not appear satisfied with a post-match conversation he had with Atkinson at Stamford Bridge on Saturday. ‘I am not attacking the honesty of anyone,’ he added. ‘I am not trying to bring the game into disrepute — a sentence you love in this country because this is always what they use when they want to punish me. I’m just trying to be honest. ‘Of course, they are trying but they are not doing it well. If the ref can’t see a penalty three metres in front of him some referee in front of a screen can’t miss it. It will protect the integrity and honesty of the referees. I think technology can help.’ Mourinho stuck around with Shephard and Kamara to analyse the rest of the Saturday action but by then he had got what he wanted to off his chest. 30 - Ashley Barnes sends Branislav Ivanovic crashing to the ground in an aerial challenge after a knee in the back. Ivanovic rolls over twice before leaping up when he realises no action is being taken. It should have been a free-kick and could have been a yellow card for Barnes. Barnes catches Ivanovic with his right boot during an aerial challenge in the 30th minute . 33 - Ivanovic goes for goal but Michael Kightly diverts it with an outstretched arm, as he turns his back to goal. Martin Atkinson waves play on. It should have been a Chelsea penalty. Ivanovic fires a shot at goal but his effort was blocked by the raised arms of Michael Kightly . 43 - Diego Costa goes to ground after Jason Shackell leans into him with an oustretched arm. Atkinson waves play on. It could have been a Chelsea penalty but would have been soft. Diego Costa vents his frustration after being shoved inside the box by Jason Shackell . 69 - Barnes misses the ball and almost snaps Nemanja Matic's left shin with his studs but Atkinson waves play on. An enraged Matic leaps up and pushes Barnes over. Atkinson sends off Matic and books Ivanovic for trying to take red card out of his hand. It was a shocking tackle that merited a red card for Barnes and a Chelsea free-kick. Referee Martin Atkinson shows Matic a straight red card after his altercation with Barnes in the second half .A glitch on the United Airlines website saw travellers offered return, first class flights from London to Newark for just $74 (£49). The round-trip first class tickets from Heathrow to Newark, just outside of New York City, were snatched up by lucky holidaymakers for just 491 Danish krone due to an apparent error on the site. By registering as a customer in Denmark, holidaymakers could snap up the deal, which would normally set them back $5,618 (£3,690) and $6,778 (£4,452). For a brief period of time on February 11, round-trip, first class fares from London to Newark were available on United.com for just £49 . It is unclear how the deal happened and it appears United has since made changes to prevent anyone else from purchasing the cheap tickets. One customer who snapped up the bargain fare said she simply logged on to United.com and changed her country status to Denmark. She then chose her dates and made sure to select business class or first class from the drop down menu, for example March 19 to March 25. Then, using a credit card without a foreign transaction fee, the purchase was completed and a confirmation email sent, although the customer did say she left her country as 'Denmark' when filling out her postal address. The unbelievable fare totalled 491 Danish krone, which comes to £49 or approximately US$74 . Despite the low costs, two customers reported 'miscellaneous' charges when they came to play, adding up to $326 (£214) to the price of the ticket. It is not known what these costs represent, but both customers said they were happy to pay as the price still worked out much cheaper than a full price first class ticket. MailOnline Travel attempted to secure the same deal at approximately 16:20 GMT, but found that selecting Denmark from the country drop down menu was no longer an option. A second customer secured first class transatlantic flights for a total of 1,356DKK - around $206 or £135 . The country option was then turned back to United Kingdom. It is as yet unclear how many people snapped up the flights during the time of the glitch and whether the airline will honour the bookings. According to a statement provided to MailOnline Travel: 'United has temporarily suspended sales from its Denmark website because a third-party software provider applied an incorrect exchange rate and was misquoting the airline’s properly filed fares. 'This error in the application of the exchange rate primarily impacted individuals who live outside of Denmark and who were not traveling to or from Denmark but were attempting to book tickets using United’s Denmark site.'The charity's offices in Cardiff and Prestatyn received separate calls from boys who were worried about the effect pornography was having on them. ChildLine has launched a campaign to tackle what it calls the "shocking" number of 12 to 13-year-olds afraid they are "addicted to porn". One of the Welsh youngsters said pornography made him feel "perverted". The children's counselling charity - which is calling its campaign the Fight Against Porn Zombies - said a UK-wide poll of 700 children showed that one in five had seen pornographic images that shocked or upset them. One boy who spoke with a counsellor at the charity's Cardiff base said: "I've started to view girls a bit differently recently and it's making me worried. "I would like to get married in the future but I'm scared it might never happen if I carry on thinking about girls the way I do." Another youngster who contacted the Prestatyn office said: "I can't help looking at girls in a sexual way and I think it's because I watch a lot of porn." Des Mannion, NSPCC national head of service for Wales, said: "Children of all ages today have easy access to a wide range of pornography and if we as a society shy away from talking about this issue, then we are failing the thousands of young people it is affecting."Mae'r eilyddion yn union yr un fath hefyd, sy'n golygu mai dyma'r tro cyntaf ers 1993 i'r Llewod ddewis yr union un tîm am ddwy gêm brawf yn olynol. Pedwar Cymro fydd felly'n dechrau'r gêm gyda Sam Warburton yn gapten. Y tri arall yw Liam Williams, Jonathan Davies ac Alun Wyn Jones, ac fe fydd Ken Owens a Rhys Webb ar y fainc. Dyma'r tîm yn llawn: Olwyr: 15. Liam Williams; 14. Anthony Watson; 13. Jonathan Davies; 12. Owen Farrell; 11. Elliot Daly; 10. Johnny Sexton; 9. Conor Murray. Blaenwyr: 1. Mako Vunipola; 2. Jamie George; 3. Tadhg Furlong; 4. Maro Itoje; 5. Alun Wyn Jones; 6. Sam Warburton (capt); 7. Sean O'Brien; 8. Taulupe Faletau. Eilyddion: 16. Ken Owens; 17. Jack McGrath; 18. Kyle Sinckler; 19. Courtney Lawes; 20. CJ Stander; 21. Rhys Webb; 22. Ben Te'o; 23. Jack Nowell. Wrth gyhoeddi'r tîm dywedodd Warren Gatland: "Roedden ni'n teimlo y dylen ni wobrwyo'r chwaraewyr am ganlyniad yr ail brawf a'r dewrder a ddangoson nhw wrth ddod yn ôl o fod 18-9 ar ei hôl hi a gorffen yn gryf yn y 10-15 munud olaf. "Mae rhai chwaraewyr yn siomedig o beidio cael eu dewis ac rwy'n deall hynny ... dyna fyddech chi'n ei ddisgwyl gan athletwyr cystadleuol. "Ond ry'n ni wedi pwysleisio mai nid y 23 yma sy'n bwysig ond pawb yn y garfan - maen nhw wedi rhoi'r siom yna o'r neilltu ac yn cynorthwyo'r garfan ar y diwrnod i baratoi cystal ag y gallan nhw am y gêm brawf. "Ry'n ni'n ymwybodol iawn o bwysigrwydd y gêm ac yn disgwyl ymateb gan y Crysau Duon. "Ond roedd gweld pa mor gryf oedden ni yn y 10-15 munud olaf yn yr ail brawf - o ran cryfder a brwdfrydedd - yn gwneud i ni deimlo fod yna lefel arall yn y tîm. "Mae hwn yn gyfle enfawr i'r chwaraewyr yma ddangos eu dawn a gweld gwaith caled pawb yn dwyn ffrwyth. "Dyma'u cyfle i greu hanes i'r Llewod!"Swathes of the Australian states of Queensland and New South Wales (NSW) have been partially submerged in floods. Torrential rain lashed heavily populated areas as the remnants of Cyclone Debbie moved down the nation's east coast. As floods continued to rise in some towns, photographers captured locals surveying damage to their communities. Several rivers broke their banks, prompting emergency warnings. Residents in Billinudgel, NSW, used surfboards to paddle down the street. Queensland's capital Brisbane was not spared, and an evacuation order was issued for the town of Beaudesert. Businesses were inundated in South Murwillumbah, one of the towns hardest hit. The severe weather washed away roads and brought down trees. Insurers say it is too early to estimate a damage bill. Authorities said tens of thousands of people lost power in the downpour. Even a bull shark turned up in the floods, prompting a warning. Fortunately for New South Wales and Queensland, the storm system has now moved out to sea.By . Associated Press . and Daily Mail Reporter . A sailor has been shot dead on a guided-missile destroyer while docked at a Virginia naval base and security forces killed the suspect in the aftermath. The names of the sailor and the suspect have not been released while the Navy contacts their families. The suspect was a civilian who had access to be at Naval Station Norfolk, spokeswoman Terri Davis said early Tuesday. Scroll down for video . Security threat on board: A male sailor was shot by another man, a civilian, who was able to gain access to the USS Mahan on Monday night and the suspect was shot dead by security forces later (pictured in 2004) Base: A number of destroyers are regularly docked at the Norfolk Navy Base, including air craft carriers like the USS Eisenhower, USS George H.W. Bush, USS Truman and USS Lincoln, all pictured there in 2012 . She said she couldn't say whether he had permission to be on the USS Mahan, where the male sailor was shot about 11.20pm Monday. No other injuries were reported, and the base was briefly on lockdown, according to the Navy. Davis would not describe any other circumstances of the shooting but said the scene was secure. Operations have returned to normal at the base, with counselors available, the Navy said in a news release. Regardless . of the shooting, most enlisted sailors on the Mahan — docked at the . first of 13 main piers — were not to report to duty Tuesday. Base . traffic was typical Tuesday morning. The . shooting on the Mahan comes about a month after the Navy held . anti-terrorism and force protection exercises on bases around the U.S., . including an active-shooter drill at the Norfolk station. Drill: Just last month, the Norfolk Naval Base held anti-terror drills (pictured) as did Navy bases across the country . To . get on the base, civilians must be escorted or have a pass. Each base . entrance is guarded, and all 13 piers have additional security forces. As part of ongoing security efforts, handheld ID scanners were . implemented this year at Navy bases in the region, including the Norfolk . station. The shooting comes . six months after a September incident at the Washington Navy Yard, in . which a gunman — identified as a contractor and former Navy reservist — . killed 12 civilian workers before being shot to death. The . Norfolk base covers more than 6,000 acres and is the home port for 64 . ships, according to information the Navy provided in February. About . 46,000 military members and 21,000 civilian government employees and . contractors are assigned to the base and its ships, according to the . Navy figures. Earlier drills: The Norfolk Naval Base just ran anti-terrorism drills last month that included an active-shooter drill (guards pictured at the base entrance in 2004) The base also is the home port for a Navy hospital ship, docked at Pier 1 with the Mahan. In . February, the Norfolk base got a new commanding officer, Capt. Robert . E. Clark Jr. He took over for Capt. David A. Culler Jr., who was set to . retire in May. Clark had served as the installation's executive officer . since 2012. The Mahan, . commissioned in 1998, has a crew of nearly 300. In September, it . returned to Norfolk after a deployment of more than eight months that . included being positioned in the eastern Mediterranean Sea for a . potential strike against Syria.Nairobi, Kenya (CNN) -- Twenty men are engaged in fiery debate on a sidewalk near Nairobi's Westgate mall, where terrorists stormed the shopping center and killed at least 67 people. A man at the center gestures emphatically as some listen and nod. Others shake their heads. Here and at coffee shops and barbershops and social spots the debate is much the same: Should Kenya withdraw its troops from Somalia after terrorists stormed the mall? The terrorists who attacked the mall on Saturday claimed to be members of Somalia-based Al-Shabaab and barked out their resentment of Kenyan troops in their country. "They said, 'We are the Al-Shabaab, we are here to kill you for killing our women in Somalia,'" said Jane Kamau, who hid in a box when attackers opened fire at the mall. Kenya entered a high-stakes gamble two years ago when it sent troops to neighboring Somalia to flush out the Islamist militants it accused of kidnapping and killing foreigners in the coastal area. The abductions affected Kenya's once-bustling tourism industry, a major hit to the nation's revenue. Al-Shabaab vowed to attack Kenya until it withdrew its troops. Since then, grenades have landed at bus stops, churches, mosques and bars, killing dozens. Militants have regularly taken to social media to brag about their attacks and to threaten more. 'We need to protect our borders' John Mutua, part of the sidewalk debate, said keeping troops in Somalia is not the best option. "We need to get them out," said the 34-year-old businessman. "They'll keep killing us, and we'll continue killing them --- it will never end. We should all stop fighting, start afresh." Next to him, bank teller John Kamau, 28, shakes his head vehemently. "That's nonsense, it's not that easy," he said. "We're already in too deep. We will be considered cowards if we get out. They (Al-Shabaab) started it by killing and kidnapping people in our own land." Mutua waves him off. He tries to draw in a Kenyan soldier standing guard near the cordoned-off area near the mall. "Do you guys like being in Somalia?" Mutua asks. The soldier glares at him and turns the other way, clutching a long rifle. At a barber and hair-stylist shop about 20 miles from the mall, a similar debate is under way. Jane Njeri sits under a buzzing hair dryer. She pops her head out long enough to give her two cents, before tucking her head back. "The reason the troops invaded is because our borders were porous to begin with," she said. "We need to fix our security. We need to protect our borders. Those troops fighting in Somalia, we need to bring them home to help with those efforts. If we fix our security, we don't have to fear terrorists." Philex Ambani, 23, said sending the troops there was not a good idea to begin with. But they should stay, he said. "If they want our soldiers to get out, they need to stop killing us," he said. "It's that simple. It wasn't worth it to go there over a bunch of tourists, but we are already there. We can't give up now. " The Westgate mall standoff ended Tuesday, according to government officials. It was the worst terror attack in the nation since al Qaeda blew up the U.S. Embassy in 1998, leaving more than 200 dead. Kenya's president steadfast . Kenya is East Africa's biggest economy and a crucial trade route into the rest of the continent. It is also a major U.S. ally in the war against Islamist militants in the region. It provides an important buffer of stability in a region that includes the fledgling Somali government and the politically tense Sudans. Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta has ruled out the withdrawal of the military, which is now part of the African Union forces battling the militants in Somalia. "We went as a nation to Somalia to fight the war against terror unleashed on Kenyan people, Somali people and people around the world," Kenyatta said this week. "This is not a Kenyan war, this is an international war." Godwin Murunga, deputy director of the African Leadership Centre in Nairobi, said the threat facing Kenya is complex and withdrawal from Somalia is not advisable. But revamped security in the nation, he said, will go a long way. "Kenya needs to bring its citizens together to recognize security threats, to mobilize them into a common security consciousness and surveillance system that they trust and have confidence in," Murunga wrote in an opinion piece for CNN. 'Don't ask me about Shabaab' Having seen what happened to many of the victims of the mall massacre, Agnes Mumbua said she will do whatever she can to help protect herself. A Catholic, she plans to learn how Muslims pray and the names of major Islamic figures. Survivors of the mall massacre have said attackers asked victims whether they were Muslims. Those who failed to answer questions about Islam were killed, they said. "If learning the Quran will help save me, I will do what it takes," she said. "It seems the Kenya government is not leaving Somalia soon, so I might as well protect myself." Government officials have said the terror attack killed 62 people and five of the suspected 15 terrorists. At least 61 people remain missing, the Kenyan Red Cross has said. Back on the sidewalk near Westgate, insurance agent Frederick Omolo shakes his head when asked his opinion about Al-Shabaab. "Don't ask me about Shabaab. I don't want to hear that word in my life, ever," he said. He's listening to the debate on the militant group, a brown envelope in his hand. In it are life insurance documents for his friend John, whom he was going to meet at a coffee house at the mall. He was in the parking lot on his way to drop them off for John to sign when he heard gunshots and took off, clutching the envelope. His friend never left the mall. No one has seen him since. "On second thought," Omolo said, "let's improve our security big time, post armed cops in major public venues, do a sweep of areas suspected of harboring terrorists, then keep our troops in Somalia to do the job." Omolo passed by the mall every day during the hostage crisis and sat on a sidewalk behind the police barricade, holding the insurance papers. They are still in the brown envelope.By . Marcus Townend for the Daily Mail . Up-and-coming trainer Hugo Palmer is considering an ambitious tilt at the Breeders’ Cup Juvenile Turf in California with Aktabantay. After the colt had scrambled home by a short-head under jockey Ryan Moore to land Saturday’s Group Three Solario Stakes at Sandown, Newmarket-based Palmer — who is in his fourth season training — revealed that taking the son of Oasis Dream to Santa Anita at the end of October is a serious option. Promise: Aktabantay (right) under jockey Ryan Moore won Group Three Solario Stakes at Sandown on Saturday . Palmer, 33, said: ‘It is something we will discuss over the next few weeks. He is also in the Dewhurst Stakes. He is lovely horse for next year. ‘We would get quick ground and a fast pace in the Breeders’ Cup — they go flat to the boards — and he will be suited by that. He is a very exciting horse.’ Having won valuable handicaps at both Glorious Goodwood and York’s Ebor meeting this summer, the Solario win of Aktabantay was a first at group level for Palmer, a scion of the biscuit-making family. Up-and-coming: Palmer, 33, is only in his fourth season as a trainer but will be pleased after recent successes . The colt’s Turkish owner Ibrahim Araci had previously won the Solario in 2010 with Ed Dunlop’s Native Khan, a colt which went on to finish third to Frankel in the 2,000 Guineas. Palmer had fitted 370,000-guinea purchase Aktabantay with cheekpieces to help him concentrate after the colt had finished third twice in three of his first four races.Washington (CNN) -- South Carolina officials head to federal court on Monday to defend a controversial new voter identification law, dismissing suggestions the requirement would deny tens of thousands of people, many of them minorities, access to the ballot. A weeklong trial will kick off in Washington before a panel of three judges who will decide whether the law should take effect. It is one of several legal challenges to voter identification laws nationwide. A key enforcement provision of the landmark Voting Rights Act of 1965, gives the federal government open-ended oversight of states and communities with a history of voter discrimination. Any changes in voting laws and procedures in those areas must be "pre-cleared" with Washington. South Carolina Attorney General Alan Wilson has defended the law, saying it will not harm any potential voter. "The changes have neither the purpose nor will they have the effect of denying or abridging the right to vote on account of race, color, or membership in a language minority," Wilson said. The Justice Department blocked the measure from taking effect last year, concluding it was discriminatory. Federal officials cited figures that registered minority voters were about 20 percent more likely than white voters to lack state-issued photo identification. The Justice Department estimated that more than 80,000 people in South Carolina could be adversely impacted by the planned requirements. Republican Gov. Nikki Haley has called the Justice Department's decision "outrageous" and ordered a lawsuit. State officials have deflected criticism the legal battle could end up costing taxpayers $1 million or more. "It wouldn't cost anything if (U.S. Attorney General) Eric Holder and the Department of Justice would get out of the way and let us protect our citizens and enforce our laws," Rob Godfrey, a spokesman for Haley, said earlier this year. A decision in the case could take weeks. In legal filings with the court, South Carolina officials said a law dating to 1988 requires a state-issued voter registration card and the voter's signature at the polls. The amended law approved last year would permit five types of photo identification: a state-issued driver's license, a non-driver identification card issued by the Department of Motor Vehicles, military identification, a U.S. passport, or state voter registration card. Waivers are allowed, but the voter must sign an affidavit specifying why she or he has a "reasonable impediment" to getting the necessary identification or has a religious objection to being photographed. If the law takes effect, South Carolina would be among 11 states that require official photo identification at the polls, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. Proponents say the drive is an effort to stop what officials contend is voter fraud and to purge voter rolls of outdated information. Supporters say having valid, government-issued photo identification is a reasonable, modern-day necessity. Opponents assert that the effort disenfranchise poor, minority and disabled voters. Obama administration officials have concluded there is little evidence of voter fraud in the state warranting the legislative changes. A coalition of civil rights groups is expected to testify at next week's hearing, offering testimony from college students and elderly residents. Those groups say claims of voter fraud are exaggerated. "South Carolina's photo ID measure is a solution in search of a problem. Credible studies show that one is more likely to be struck by lightning than to perceive an instance of in-person voter fraud," Ryan Haygood, a top lawyer at the NAACP's Legal Defense Fund, said. "The [upcoming] trial will make clear that the state's proposed photo identification measure will have a significant impact on its minority voters." The NAACP says that a quarter of African-Americans and 16 percent of Latinos nationally lack any kind of government-issued photo identification. A separate federal panel is considering similar challenge to a voter identification law in Texas. A federal trial was held last month and a ruling is expected soon. Both South Carolina and Texas say they will put their laws in place in time for the November elections, if they are upheld. It is possible the losing sides could ask the U.S. Supreme Court to intervene, delaying any immediate implementation. Other Republican-controlled states with similar laws under legal challenge include Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kansas, Mississippi, and Tennessee. The Justice Department this week gave approval to Virginia's less restrictive voter identification measure. North Carolina Gov. Beverly Perdue vetoed a law passed by the GOP-led General Assembly. The Supreme Court in 2008 allowed Indiana's voter identification law to stand in 2008, saying the stated goal of stopping voter fraud was a legitimate exercise of legislative power.By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 18:14 EST, 19 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 09:05 EST, 20 August 2013 . It's the hilarious prank that turned a walk in the park into a wild bunga bunga party. Pranksters Roman Atwood and Dennis Roadys pitched a tent in various outdoor spaces like parks and sidewalks and viciously shook it from the inside as an audio recording of a woman in the throes of passion plays loudly. The not-so-subtle YouTube clip has gone viral with nearly 400,000 views. But it's the hilarious reactions of unsuspecting passersby that really makes the footage so watchable. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . Hilarious: This group of guys laugh hysterically as the tent shakes behind them . Overshare: This passerby holds his phone near the tent to share the hilarious sounds with the person he was speaking to . Prankster: Dennis Roadys holds up a recording device playing the sound of a woman having sex as he stands inside the tent and shakes it . A group of three young men laugh hysterically, holding their sides, as the tent shakes behind them. One pedestrian stops talking on his phone and holds it up next to the shaking tent so the person he is talking to can hear the screams of the woman. Another man starts taking photos of the vibrating tent, while security guards poke around at the entrance of the structure to see what's going on. But the prank doesn't go down well with law enforcers, who received numerous reports from concerned locals that a woman was being assaulted in the tent. More... A real cat burglar! Cheeky Norris steals jumpers, dusters, food and even underwear during night prowls . Who'd spend £70k on a birthday bash for one-year-olds? Elton John's favourite party planner explains why parents are splashing out on lavish celebrations for kids . Smoke and mirrors: Artist creates stunning pyrotechnic images by torching gasoline in mid-air (with a little help from Photoshop) One of the officers opened the tent and demanded the pranksters hand over their identification. 'Do you have ID because this has been called in as a rape?' the irate officer demands, as another two cops stand nearby. 'You know who I am...Is there any crime committed,' the prankster, who can't be seen on camera, said, acknowledging he is already known to local police. The officer responds that a crime may have been committed. 'Yeah there might be [a crime committed] once we talk to the prosecutor's office,' he said. 'We're going to send it up because that's, that's just what's going to happen.' Curious: A security guard pokes his head into the tent to find out what's going on . Snapper: This man laughs hysterically as he starts taking photos of the shaking tent . Humored: These women are in stitches at the sight of the shaking tent . Cheeky: Pranksters Dennis Roadys and Roman Atwood creep up behind two unsuspecting men sitting on a bench carrying a tent before they play the prank . Shocked: The surprised men jump to their feet after hearing the sounds of a woman being pleasured . Atwood and Roadys are prolific pranksters, with close to 1.5 million followers on YouTube and across other social media platforms. According to Columbus Underground, Atwood has been filming and producing videos since high school, including a series of DVDs called 'The Nerd Herd' which he sold at Warp Tour 2006. Roadys started performing standup comedy when he was 17 in Cincinnati, and served in the U.S. Army from 2001 to 2010. The comedy duo met each other through a Craigslist advertisement several years ago. 'We film for fun. Comedy is what we all enjoy. Our videos just recently became 'wildly popular' and definitely surpassed our expectations,' Roadys told Columbus Underground. 'Before, we were just another YouTube channel. Now, we have been dubbed a 'viral video production team' by whatsgoodmusic.com and 'the new internet standard' by a TBS Television Producer.' Confrontation: A police officer inspects the tent after receiving complaints . Interrogation: This police officer demands ID from the pranksters after locals reported a woman was being assaulted inside the tent .Mobile, Alabama (CNN) -- Brianna Adkins stepped off the Carnival Triumph early Friday and into the arms of her anxious parents, bringing to an end the nightmarish journey aboard a crippled ship that was towed to port days after it was due. It was a big, tight hug between 18-year-old Adkins and her mom and dad, the kind filled with the emotion that reflected the days of uncertainty after the cruise ship was left virtually dead in the water after a reported engine fire knocked out power. "Just to be with them, just to let them know I'm safe," Adkins said, fighting back tears. "It means just so much to be with them ... you have no idea." My celebration trup on the Carnival Triumph: From joy to misery . A near party-atmosphere abounded aboard the cruise ship as it docked late Thursday at the Alabama Cruise Terminal, where some passengers hung over balcony rails, while others danced and waved signs. "I kissed the ground when I got off," said Adkins of Noblesville, Indiana, just north of Indianapolis. The saga began unfolding early Sunday morning as the Carnival Triumph, originally carrying 3,143 passengers and 1,086 crew members, was making its way to Galveston, Texas, when a fire left the vessel listing to the side and drifting in the Gulf of Mexico. The ship drifted nearly 90 miles before enough tugboats arrived to tow the massive cruise ship to Mobile. Almost immediately, reports emerged on social media of deteriorating conditions aboard the ship. Passengers reported sewage sloshing in the hallways and, in some cases, running down the walls of cabins. Still others said the power outage forced people, especially those in the lower decks or inside cabins, to drag their mattresses to outside decks because of stifling heat. The power outage also made it impossible for passengers to call loved ones. Why did it take five days? For those who were able to get messages out -- drafting on wireless from cruise ships dropping supplies -- it was a few moments to reassure loved ones they were OK. Still, for Adkins and others there was nothing better than being able to put both feet on firm ground while wrapping their arms around family members. "The unknown was the worst part," Adkins mother, Beth, said. About 75 families were on hand, according to a spokesman for the City of Mobile, at the Alabama Cruise Terminal. Family members who spoke to CNN said they had come from Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana and Texas. Some had come in as early as Wednesday but the bulk of people arrived Thursday afternoon, with each hour bringing a few more cars. After a bad cruise, can you cruise into court? Most of the anxious families couldn't bear the thought of their relatives being on a bus for hours and had gotten hotel rooms in Mobile where the homecoming would include a long shower and a meal. Brooklyn Burgess, 18, got off the ship scanning the crowd for father and brother, who had driven from their Carthage, Mississippi, home to get them and bring them home. There in the crowd, she and her mother, who was traveling with her, found the family. Her father picked her up in a tight hug, and Burgess started to cry. "I said I don't have a boyfriend. ... I sure hope somebody who missed me is there waiting for me," she said, her eyes red from tears. Video: Passengers spell out help . For others, it will be a little longer before they connect with loved ones. Brittany Ferguson and Kendall Jenkins, both 24, got off the ship cheering and dancing. Jenkins went so far as to lay kneel down and kiss the ground. "We won this cruise at a Houston Rockets game. Lucky us," Ferguson said, laughing. They are among the many who boarded one of the more than 100 motor coaches that were reserved by Carnival to take them to New Orleans where many will overnight before continuing their journey home. The two are headed home to Houston. But that's OK with the Ferguson and Jenkins because they have "land under our feet." Spate of fires hits cruise industry . CNN's Erin Burnett and Martin Savidge reported from Mobile, Alabama; Chelsea J. Carter wrote from Atlanta.BOGOTA, Colombia (CNN) -- Preliminary DNA tests indicate a 3-year-old foster child is the son of a woman being held captive by leftist rebels, Colombian officials announced Friday. Clara Rojas appears in a video released by the kidnappers in July 2002. "There is a very high probability that Juan David belongs to the family of Clara Gonzalez de Rojas," Mario Iguaran Arana, the country's chief federal prosecutor, said at a news conference. The boy, known as "Emmanuel," has been at the center of a hostage drama that raised hopes the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia would liberate some of their hostages. The rebel group, known as FARC for its Spanish acronym, had agreed to release three hostages as part of a deal brokered by Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez. FARC said it would release Emmanuel along with his mother, Clara Rojas, and another woman, Consuelo Gonzalez, but the mission to free the captives fell apart December 31, when the rebel group said it could not release the hostages because of Colombian military operations in the area, according to a FARC statement Chavez read on Venezuelan television. Colombian President Alvaro Uribe denied the group's assertion, saying there were no combat operations in the area near the rebels, and he said the rebels could not release the three hostages because they did not have Emmanuel in custody. He raised the possibility that Emmanuel, who was born in captivity to Rojas, was living in a foster home in the Colombian capital of Bogota. Authorities in Colombia suspect the FARC duped child-welfare authorities by presenting the boy as a child in need of foster care in 2005, he said. On Friday, Iguaran Arana said initial DNA results will be checked against tests being done in European labs to verify the child's identity. There was no immediate response from Venezuela after the announcement concerning Emmanuel's DNA. However, a statement on the Venezuelan government's Web site from earlier Friday said the Colombian government had not allowed Venezuela to participate in the DNA testing. Established in 1964 as the military wing of the Colombian Communist Party, FARC is Colombia's oldest, largest, most capable and best-equipped Marxist rebel group, according to the U.S. Department of State. The United States, the European Union and Colombia classify it as a terrorist group. FARC has justified hostage-taking as a legitimate military tactic in a long-running and complex civil war that also has involved right-wing paramilitary units, government forces and drug traffickers. Fighting has waned, but not stopped, in recent years. Among the group's hostages are three American contractors who were captured when their plane went down in 2003 during a drug-eradication flight, and Ingrid Betancourt, a French-Colombian independent presidential candidate who was kidnapped in 2002. Rojas was kidnapped in 2002 while she managed Betancourt's campaign. Betancourt is perhaps the best-known captive in Colombia, a country plagued by kidnapping. E-mail to a friend .By . Damien Gayle . Abu Hamza saw violence as necessary to defend Muslims and saw physical training for jihad as an obligation for all Muslim men, a court heard on Wednesday. James Ujaama, a U.S.-based associate of Hamza, told jurors in the New York court that the Islamist cleric had instructed him to set up a jihadist training camp in the U.S. U.S. prosecutors hope Ujaama's testimony will convince a federal jury that the preacher is guilty of trying to set up the camp to aid al Qaeda. The charges against him carry a potential life sentence. Facing life in jail: Islamist cleric Abu Hamza pictured in a court sketch at the Federal Court in Lower Manhattan, New York, where he is on trial for allegedly setting up terrorist training camps in the U.S. One-eyed, handless Hamza, 56, is also accused of supporting al Qaeda in Afghanistan and of providing assistance to militants who kidnapped 16 Western tourists in Yemen in 1998. Four of the hostages were killed during a rescue operation. Hamza's lawyers have argued that he used inflammatory rhetoric but did not commit any crimes. The court saw a copy of a fax that Ujaama sent to Hamza, then a preacher at London's Finsbury Park mosque, telling him about a ranch in Oregon where he hoped to set up the training camp. 'The land that we spoke of is about 160 acres and looks just like Afghanistan,' Ujaama said in the fax. He added that Oregon was a 'pro-militia and firearms state' where it would be easy to stockpile weapons for combat training. Ujaama, who pleaded guilty in 2003 to conspiring to aid the Taliban, appeared as part of a cooperation deal with prosecutors and is expected to remain on the witness stand for several days. As a former associate of Hamza, Ujaama is a key government witness. His testimony is expected to cover not only Oregon but the allegation that Abu Hamza sent a man to Afghanistan to receive military training with al Qaeda. Hamza with a masked bodyguard, outside the closed Finsbury Park Mosque: Government witness James Ujaama met with Hamza at the mosque soon after the American returned from training in Afghanistan . Ujaama said he first met the fiery preacher in London in 1998, shortly after returning from a trip to Afghanistan where he attended training camps with religious extremists. The two men discussed Islamic teachings over tea and cookies at Abu Hamza's second-floor office at the Finsbury Park mosque, Ujaama said. 'I walked away from that meeting very impressed with Sheikh Abu Hamza,' Ujaama was quoted as saying by the Associated Press. Soon after, Ujaama was working for Abu Hamza, writing and publishing articles online for an organization called Supporters of Sharia run by the preacher. One piece - titled 'A Declaration of War' - summarised Osama bin Laden's call to take up arms against the U.S., Ujaama said. 'Was Abu Hamza overseeing you when you posted this statement?' asked Assistant U.S. Attorney John Cronan. 'Yes, he was,' Ujaama replied. Police outside Finsbury Park mosque after a raid: Ujaama told the court that he and Hamza discussed Islamic teachings over tea and cookies in a second-floor office there and he then began working for the preacher . In 1999, Ujaama said, the two men arrived in Oregon from the United Kingdom and were disappointed to find that Ujaama's camp did not have many weapons or recruits. Ujaama said he was threatened by one of the men, Oussama Kassir, who claimed to be a former bodyguard for Osama bin Laden. In the coming days, Ujaama is also expected to testify that Abu Hamza ordered him in 2000 to take another man, Feroz Abbasi, to Afghanistan to seek out training with al Qaeda. Egyptian-born Hamza lost his hands and one eye in Afghanistan in the 1980s. A British court convicted him 2006 of inciting followers to violence and he served six years in prison before his extradition to the U.S. in 2012.The Queen was certainly in a springtime mood as she arrived to open The Wing at the National Memorial to the Few, in Capel-le-Ferne, Kent, on Thursday. Her Majesty wore a sky blue wool coat with a royal blue collar and matching pockets and trim, topping off the look with a blue hat. The Queen and The Duke were greeted by Prince Michael of Kent, who is a patron of the Battle of Britain Memorial Trust, and Air Chief Marshal Sir Michael Graydon. Queen Elizabeth II smiles at schoolchildren as she leaves the National Memorial to the Few after opening a new wing dressed in a vibrant blue outfit . The royal couple viewed the video wall and other special effects that bring to life the Battle of Britain and the life of 'The Few', who fought in the skies overheard to keep Britain free from invasion during the summer and early Autumn of 1940. The monarch and Duke then met trustees, supporters and volunteers before meeting local school children learning about the Battle of Britain in the dedicated education area, The Geoffrey Page Centre. The Queen and The Duke also visited the 'Cockpit Café', where they met a group of 'The Few', surviving RAF airmen who fought in the Battle of Britain in the Second World War, before viewing a flypast of a Hurricane, Spitfire and Typhoon. As part of her duties, the Queen unveiled a plaque to mark the opening and received a posy. In the 1980s, Wing Commander Geoffrey Page, a Hurricane pilot who was shot down during the Battle of Britain, realised that there was no national memorial to the men he had with flown with in 1940. His efforts to amend this led to the founding of the Battle of Britain Memorial Trust and the unveiling of the National Memorial to the Few – a lone pilot looking out over the English Channel, in the village between Folkestone and Dover – by Her Late Majesty Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother. Her Majesty wore a sky blue wool coat with a royal blue collar and matching pockets and trim, topping off the look with a blue hat . The royal couple viewed the video wall and other special effects that bring to life the Battle of Britain and the life of 'The Few', who fought in the skies overheard to keep Britain free from invasion during 1940 . The Queen, followed by The Duke, was greeted by Prince Michael of Kent, who is a patron of the Battle of Britain Memorial Trust, and Air Chief Marshal Sir Michael Graydon . Maintained by the Trust, the site at Capel-le-Ferne is dedicated to Churchill's famous 'Few' who fought in the skies overheard to keep Britain free from invasion. The Battle of Britain Memorial Trust’s new Wing building is home to the high-tech, interactive Scramble Experience, which tells the story of the Battle of Britain, while the Geoffrey Page Centre, is a dedicated teaching space for schools to use. The building itself follows the wing plan of RJ Mitchell’s most iconic fighter, the Supermarine Spitfire, one of the two aircraft credited with doing the most to win the Battle of Britain in 1940. The building copies the Spitfire’s uplifted wing shape and has a central first floor café, which looks directly across the Channel towards France, from where enemy aircraft would have appeared 75 years ago. Schoolchildren camp out in the rain to catch a glimpse of the Queen as she visits the National Memorial . Her Majesty The Queen, accompanied by His Royal Highness The Duke of Edinburgh, also visited Canterbury Cathedral, Kent, today . The Queen and The Duke were greeted by Prince Michael of Kent, who is a patron of the Battle of Britain Memorial Trust, and Air Chief Marshal Sir Michael Graydon . The monarch met trustees, supporters and volunteers before meeting local school children learning about the Battle of Britain in the dedicated education area, The Geoffrey Page Centre . The Wing will complement the other attractions at the National Memorial, which include the Christopher Foxley-Norris Memorial Wall, listing the names of those who took part in the Battle, the Memorial itself and a replica Hurricane and Spitfire. Her Majesty The Queen, accompanied by His Royal Highness The Duke of Edinburgh, also visited Canterbury Cathedral, Kent. The royal couple went to a private lunch before attending a service when they followed a procession to the Great West Door where they were introduced to the sculptor and stonemasons. The Queen unveiled statues of Her Majesty and The Duke of Edinburgh and following the unveiling, the Royal party attended a brief reception for staff and supporters before departing. Schoolchildren wait patiently in the rain for the arrival of the Queen . The monarch unveiled a plaque as she opened a new wing in the National Memorial . Queen Elizabeth II meets Mrs K Foster (L), Wing Commander Paul Farnes (C) and Squadron Leader Tony Pickering as she visits the National Memorial to the Few ahead of opening a new wing . Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh watch a short film on the Battle of Britain as they visit the National Memorial to the Few . Canterbury Cathedral is the Mother Church of the worldwide Anglican Communion and seat of the Archbishop of Canterbury. The Cathedral is both a holy place and part of a World Heritage Site. Founded in 597 AD by St Augustine, it is arguably the oldest institution in the English speaking world. Over the years, the Cathedral has witnessed many historic events, perhaps most famously the murder of Archbishop St Thomas Becket in his own cathedral on 29th December 1170 by four knights acting on the order of King Henry II. The new statues of The Queen and The Duke of Edinburgh were commissioned by the Friends of Canterbury Cathedral to commemorate the Diamond Jubilee of The Queen’s reign and will complement statues by the Cathedral’s West Door of Queen Victoria (the only other monarch to celebrate a Diamond Jubilee) and Prince Albert. The royal statues have been carved by Nina Bilbey. Since 2000, Nina has specialised in stone carving and she is presently the Senior Carving Tutor at The City and Guilds Art School London. Commissions include statues for Hampton Court Flower Show, as well as St. Pancras Station and Saint George’s Chapel, Windsor. Nina has also been involved on many restoration projects across this country and abroad. Projects include The Houses of Parliament, The Royal Pavilion Brighton and Hereford Cathedral. Queen Elizabeth II meets Wing Commander Tom Neil as she visits the National Memorial to the Few . The Battle of Britain Memorial Trust's new Wing building is home to the high-tech, interactive Scramble Experience, which tells the story of the Battle of Britain, and the Geoffrey Page Centre, a dedicated teaching space for schools to use .MIAMI, Florida (CNN) -- Florida Law enforcement officials said Monday they had launched an investigation into a tragic boating accident near St. Augustine, Florida, that took the lives of five people and seriously injured seven others. CNN affiliate WJXT shows the scene of the deadly boating accident near Jacksonville, Florida, on Sunday. The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission has taken over as the lead agency involved in the investigation. The incident took place on Sunday around 7:15 p.m., in the intracoastal waterway in St. Johns County, Florida, about 20 miles north of St. Augustine. According to FWC investigators, a 22-foot boat with 12 people on board rammed into the rear and right side of a 25-foot tugboat. "We are still investigating and haven't come to any conclusions yet," said Carol Pratt, spokeswoman for FWC. She said they still do not know who was driving the boat. They also are waiting for victims' next of kin to be notified before releasing any of their names and ages. The tugboat was at a dock and boat launch under construction on the Intracoastal Waterway in Palm Valley, said Jeremy Robshaw, a spokesman for St. Johns County Fire and Rescue. Robshaw said rescuers couldn't initially reach the end of the unfinished dock, but laid plywood sheets on the structure to get to crash victims. No one was onboard the tugboat, which is registered to F&A Enterprises in St. Augustine. The seven injured were taken to Shands Jacksonville Hospital in Jacksonville, Florida. Two patients remain in critical condition, one is considered serious and three are in fair condition. A hospital spokesman did not have information on the seventh victim. FWC told CNN that they hope to release more information on the incident and on their investigation. As in any accident, toxicology studies will be done on the driver of the boat, to determine whether he or she was impaired, spokesman Carol Pratt told CNN.England won their first World Cup warm-up with relative ease at Wembley with Daniel Sturridge, Gary Cahill and Phil Jagielka on the scoresheet. But who performed and who should be looking over their shoulder? SAMI MOKBEL gives his ratings. VIDEO Scroll down to watch post-match reaction from Roy Hodgson . Main man: Daniel Sturridge led the line brilliantly and capped his performance with an excellent goal . Joe Hart: Looks well past those early season wobbles that threatened his World Cup place - 6.5 Definite starter . Glen Johnson: Always a willing runner down the right, but must be more disciplined defensively in Brazil - 6 Definite starter . Gary Cahill: England's best central-defender. Largely untroubled and scored with an excellent header - 6.5 Definite starter . Composed: Gary Cahill was untroubled and made sure of victory by scoring the second goal . Phil Jagielka: Looks comfortable at this level now. Knows, if he's fit, he plays and benefitting as a result - 6.5 Definite starter . Leighton Baines: Safe pair of hands down the left and delivery from wide will be an asset. Two assists - 7 Definite starter . Steven Gerrard: Assumed his club 'quarterback' role and was yet again England's heartbeat. Booked - 6.5 Definite starter . Jordan Henderson: Showed great energy in midfield, but still question marks about his quality on the ball - 6.5 In contention . Willing: Jordan Henderson showed great energy but there are question marks over his ability . Adam Lallana: Showed in flashes why he's being touted as a starter for the opener against Italy - 6.5 In contention . Wayne Rooney: Being positioned just behind Sturridge suits his game, but he must maintain his goal threat - 6.5 Definite starter . Danny Welbeck: Looked dangerous at times, but the Manchester United man doesn't do enough when in possession - 6 On the bench . Daniel Sturridge: Led the line and marked the occasion with a brilliant opener. Has the potential to be England's main man - 7.5 Definite starter . On the bench: Danny Welbeck looked dangerous at times but should not start against Italy . Jack Wilshere (for Gerrard 64): Got 25 much needed minutes under his belt and will be better for it - 6 In contention . Raheem Sterling (for Rooney 66): Tipped to be England's wild card in Brazil. Added urgency into England's attack - 6.5 In contention . James Milner (for Lallana 73): What you see is what you get. Will be important in games against top opposition - 6 In contention . Wild card: Raheem Sterling but be England's secret weapon in Brazil . Chris Smalling (for Jagielka 73): In the squad for his versatility. Slotted in comfortably at centre-back - 6 On the bench . John Stones (for Baines 76): Big night for the youngster on his England debut. One for the future - 6 On the bench . Ross Barkley (for Sturridge, 83): Has the ability to break teams down with a flash of brilliance. A weapon as a sub - 5 On the bench . Subs not used: Lampard, Foster, Lambert, Barkley, Forster, Flanagan . Bigger challenges lay ahead but he'll be happy with the result, if not completely by the performance - 7 . Steady: Roy Hodgson will be happy with the result if not entirely by the performance . Fernandez 5; Advincula 6 (Velarde 78), Ramos 6 (Riojas 68), Rodriguez 6, Callens 6; Ballon 6, Cruzado 6, Yotun 6.5; Deza 5 (Ruidiaz 65, 5), Carrillo 6 (Flores, 87); Ramirez 6 (Hurtado, 60, 5) Subs: Gambetta, Forsyth, Trauco, Gallese . Pablo Bengoechea - His side certainly didn't come to make up the numbers. Provided England with a decent test - 6.5 . Viktor Kassai (HUN): Didn't endear himself to the home supporters by booking captain Steven Gerrard for a meaty first half tackle - 6 .China’s first budget airline is poised to lobby industry regulators for permission to install standing-only ‘seats’ on its planes so it can cram more people on board. Shanghai-based Spring Airlines said it would offer cheaper fares to those who are willing to stand at a vertical seat, according to China National Radio. It’s not the first time the idea has been floated – Dublin-based Ryanair famously proposed selling standing-only tickets in 2009 to increase passenger traffic and cut costs. China's Spring Airlines wants to install 'vertical seats' on its planes so it can cram more passengers on board . Spring Airlines chairman Wang Zhenghua confirmed to China National Radio that he wants standing-only cabins on his planes and is seeking government approval. The 70-year-old billionaire told the broadcaster that he began exploring the idea in 2008 after a chaotic Chinese New Year travel rush. Customers told China National Radio that they would be hesitant to buy a ticket for a vertical seat out of safety concerns. One told the broadcaster that she fears passengers would be injured when the plane flies through bad weather or is rocked by turbulence. Spring Airlines said it would offer cheaper fares to those who are willing to stand at a vertical seat . Spring Airlines plans to work with manufacturers on a design that would include a safety belt. The low-cost carrier, founded in 2004, offers flights as cheap as £1 ($1.50) and flies to destinations in China, Japan, Thailand and other Asian countries. Even though designs have been proposed and no-frills airlines have expressed interest, the vertical seat concept has not taken off because it hasn’t received approval from authorities. Ryanair abandoned its proposal in 2012 after it was thwarted by an unnamed regulator. The Irish carrier planned to install ten rows of vertical seats on its planes – increasing capacity by about 40 passengers – and charge less than £5 to travellers who were willing to stand. Airbus filed a patent for a new seat that is similar to a bicycle saddle that flips up when it is not in use . Italian firm Aviointeriors designed the ‘Skyrider’ seat, which was inspired by saddles used by cowboys . Last year, Airbus filed a patent for a new seat that is similar to a bicycle saddle that flips up when it is not in use. The design, intended for short-haul flights, would increase capacity for airlines and leave passengers with even less space. In 2010, Italian firm Aviointeriors unveiled its design for the ‘Skyrider’ seat, which was inspired by saddles used by cowboys. In that seat passengers would sit at an angle with just 23in of legroom between them and the seat in front of them – about seven inches less than the average seat pitch on most planes.HUNTINGTON, Utah (CNN) -- Rescuers trying to find six miners will begin boring a sixth hole down into Utah's Crandall Canyon mine Friday, and the search will stop if no signs of life are found, the coal mine's co-owner said. Bob Murray, CEO of Murray Energy Corp., says he is hurt by criticism he did not do enough to find the miners. "This is the last hole," Bob Murray, CEO of Murray Energy, said Wednesday evening. "If we don't find anybody alive in that hole, there's nowhere else that anyone ... would know where to drill." Murray said work on the sixth hole, which will go down into the area where the miners were known to be working when the mine collapsed August 6, should be completed by Saturday. However, he expressed little optimism that the effort would be successful, saying it was "totally unlikely" any signs of the miners will be found. Murray also said that he has already filed paperwork with federal regulators to permanently close and seal the Utah mine. "I will never come back to that evil mountain," he said. Earlier Wednesday, a fifth hole drilled down into the mine found just six inches of open space left between the roof and rubble in an 8-foot-high tunnel, said Jack Kuzar, a district manager with the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration. Kuzar said the fifth hole would be tested for oxygen, and a camera may be lowered down the shaft, although the small amount of space may limit its usefulness. Cameras lowered into previous holes drilled into the mountain turned up no signs of the miners, and tests showed that oxygen levels in parts of the mine were too low to sustain human life. Watch how the safety record at Murray's mines stacks up » . An effort to send rescuers through the collapsed mine tunnel to attempt an underground rescue was suspended last week, after a new cave-in killed three rescuers and injured six others. A panel of experts brought in to examine the mine after the second collapse determined that it was too unstable to resume the underground rescue. Both the mine owners and federal officials also ruled out trying to find the miners by lowering rescuers in a capsule through a hole drilled down into the mine, saying the dangerous maneuver wasn't justified absent any signs of life. The news was a blow to the family members of the missing miners, who have been holding out hope for a miracle and criticized Murray for not at least trying the rescue capsule. Signs reading "Bring them home" and "Bob Murray keep your promise" were posted overnight at the rescuers' command post. Kuzar said he met with the miners' families Wednesday, "and they're holding up very well." "They're very strong people," he said. Earlier Wednesday, in an interview with CNN, Murray said plans were under way to establish a memorial for the missing miners at the site after the mine is closed. "We're already discussing how we might go about to honor the trapped miners and make this a site for perpetuity," he said. Friends and family have identified the six missing miners as Luis Hernandez, Manuel Sanchez, Kerry Allred, Carlos Payan, Brandon Phillips and Don Erickson. E-mail to a friend .By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 08:00 EST, 14 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:30 EST, 14 May 2013 . CNN anchor Zoraida Sambolin revealed on . Tuesday that she has breast cancer and is getting a double mastectomy - . as she discussed Angelina Jolie undergoing the same procedure. Sambolin, 47, who anchors CNN's Early Start, said on the early morning show that - like Jolie - wanting to be there for her two children helped her make the decision. Sambolin, who is . engaged to White Sox Executive Vice President Kenny Williams, praised . Jolie as a 'brave woman' for sharing her decision to have the procedure. Scroll down for video . Anchor: Speaking on CNN on Tuesday morning, anchor Zoraida Sambolin revealed that she has breast cancer and will undergo a mastectomy as she discussed Angelina Jolie's procedure . Relief: She said she did not know how to break the news until Jolie gave her courage and an opening . WATCH THE FULL VIDEO AT CNN. 'I struggled for weeks trying to figure out how tell you that I had been diagnosed with breast cancer and was leaving to have surgery then Angelina Jolie shares her story of a double mastectomy and gives me strength and an opening,' she wrote on Facebook after the show. She said that she had been worried about how her nine-year-old daughter, Sophia, would react to the word 'cancer', but said she assured the young girl that she would not lose her hair or become ill, and Sophia was able to digest the information, she said. She told viewers that she is scheduled to have the surgery on May 28. 'I want to tell women to be vigilant and dedicated to their care,' she added. 'I have been and my prognosis is really good because of that.' Jolie revealed that she was forced to . make the agonizing decision to have a preventative double mastectomy, . after tests showed she had an 87 per cent chance of contracting cancer. Taking action: Angelina Jolie, pictured with her fiance Brad Pitt, has revealed that she had a preventative double mastectomy after she learned she had an 87 per cent chance of getting cancer . Loss: Angelina's mother Marcheline Bertrand died from ovarian cancer at 56. When Angelina discovered her mother's cancer was hereditary, she said that she decided to reduce the risk . She . opened up about her experience in the New York Times, saying that she . made the decision to undergo the procedure in February after learning . she is a carrier of the BRCA1 cancer gene. The 37-year-old's mother Marcheline . Bertrand died at the age of 56 from ovarian cancer, which Angelina . revealed she had a high chance of contracting. Writing . in an editorial piece entitled 'My Medical Choice', Jolie explained her . decision, revealing that she had the initial procedure on February 16 . before having the reconstruction operation on April 20. The star's surgery was successful and doctors say Angelina's chances of developing breast cancer have now lowered to less than five per cent. 'I wanted to write this to tell other women that the decision to have a mastectomy was not easy,' she wrote. 'But it is one I am very happy that I made.' Support: Sambolin (second left) said she wanted to be there for her son (right) and daughter (center) Fiance: Sambolin is engaged to White Sox General Manager Kenny Williams, pictured together in March . Angelina praised the support her . fiancé Brad Pitt and their children, Maddox, 11, Pax, nine, Zahara, . eight, Shiloh, six, and four-year-old twins Knox and Vivienne, gave her . during treatment. 'It . is reassuring that they see nothing that makes them uncomfortable,' she . wrote. 'They can see my small scars and that’s it. Everything else is . just Mommy, the same as she always was. And they know that I love them . and will do anything to be with them as long as I can. 'I . am fortunate to have a partner, Brad Pitt, who is so loving and . supportive. So to anyone who has a wife or girlfriend going through . this, know that you are a very important part of the transition. 'We . managed to find moments to laugh together. We knew this was the right . thing to do for our family and that it would bring us closer. And it . has.' Angelina assured that having the . double mastectomy hasn't changed the way she feels about herself and her . womanliness, and added that results of reconstructive surgery 'can be . beautiful'. At work: Sambolin jokes around with her co-anchor on CNN's Early Start morning show, John Berman . 'On a personal note, I do not feel any less of a woman,' she said. 'I feel empowered that I made a strong choice that in no way diminishes my femininity.' And she added that she had wanted to speak out about her experience so that other women could consider their options. 'I am writing about it now because I hope that other women can benefit from my experience,' she wrote. 'Cancer is still a word that strikes fear into people’s hearts, producing a deep sense of powerlessness. 'But today it is possible to find out through a blood test whether you are highly susceptible to breast and ovarian cancer, and then take action.'The boss of HSBC was last night facing questions over his secretive tax affairs after claiming he sheltered money in a Swiss bank account to prevent prying colleagues from finding out his bonus. Speaking publicly for the first time since revelations about HSBC’s Swiss private bank, Stuart Gulliver described his ‘shame’ at allegations that the lender routinely helped clients including arms dealers and blood diamond smugglers evade taxes. But he was also forced to defend his own finances after leaked documents revealed he sheltered some £5million in bonuses in an HSBC account in Switzerland under the name of a Panamanian company. Leaked files reportedly show that Stuart Gulliver (pictured), chief executive since 2011, held £5million in the bank's Geneva-based subsidiary that was at the centre of a huge tax avoidance scandal . This lasted from 1998 until 2011, when he became chief executive and his pay details had to be published anyway. Last night one accountant described the complex arrangement in Switzerland as a ‘classic case of tax avoidance’. The HSBC boss was also facing questions after revealing that he is domiciled in Hong Kong for tax purposes despite being born in Derby and living in the UK. Mr Gulliver, 55, said the computer systems on the trading floor enabled staff to find out how much their colleagues were being paid in bonuses. As he was often the best paid employee at the bank, he said he was particularly keen to stop this happening and set up a Swiss bank account to keep his pay secret. Mr Gulliver added that he used the Panama structure purely to prevent colleagues in Switzerland finding how much he was being paid. The revelation comes after leaked documents from HSBC Private Bank in Switzerland (pictured) between 2005 and 2007 showed it had helped the rich and famous avoid millions in tax . He said there was ‘no tax advantage’ and declared that he has paid full UK tax on his earnings since moving from Hong Kong to London with HSBC in 2003. Springing to his defence, the bank’s chairman, Douglas Flint, said: ‘There is absolutely no story here. There is nothing that Stuart has done that is not absolutely transparent, legal and appropriate.’ Seeking to justify his tax status, Mr Gulliver said he had spent the majority of his 35-year career at HSBC in Hong Kong and plans to return there when he steps down from the bank. Businesses are expected to behave better than the armed forces and the church, HSBC’s chief executive complained yesterday. Expressing his exasperation with regulators, Stuart Gulliver said: ‘We seem now to be holding publicly listed companies to a different standard than we might hold the armed forces, the church or any large organisation. ‘It seems to be a notion that Douglas [HSBC chairman Douglas Flint] and I should know what every single one of our 257,000 staff is doing all day long. That isn’t normally how large organisations can run.’ HSBC has been criticised as being ‘too big to manage’ after a series of scandals flared up on Mr Gulliver’s watch. It was fined £1.2billion by US regulators in 2012 after lax controls meant it became the ‘bank of choice’ for Mexican drug cartels wanting to launder money. It was also fined £400million by UK and US authorities last November for rigging the £3.5trillion a day foreign exchange market. David Buik from broker Panmure Gordon said: ‘Mr Gulliver may be right that companies are being held to higher standards. But to complain about it does sound a bit rich given the litany of misdemeanours at banks. They have brought it on themselves.’ ‘I would expect to die abroad,’ he added. But the comments received short shrift last night. Richard Murphy, a tax accountant, said he was ‘astonished’ that HM Revenue & Customs has allowed Mr Gulliver to remain domiciled in Hong Kong despite the fact that he has lived in the UK for the past 12 years. ‘Being paid in a Swiss bank account via a company is a classic case of tax avoidance,’ he said. ‘But the big question is how on earth a man can leave the UK at the age of 21, come back 12 years ago and remain permanently domiciled in Hong Kong. I am astonished this has been accepted by the HMRC. ‘There are clearly advantages to this arrangement. Among other things it allows Mr Gulliver to avoid inheritance tax.’ Although there is no suggestion that Mr Gulliver has done anything illegal, the spotlight on his personal finances comes as HSBC is under scrutiny over allegations that its private Swiss bank helped clients evade taxes. Yesterday Mr Gulliver said the wrongdoing was a ‘source of shame and reputational damage to HSBC’. Despite this he received a £7.6million pay package last year, including a £1.3million bonus. This was a drop from his £8million package in 2013 – his bonus was cut by £500,000 to reflect other wrongdoing at the bank. HSBC said its profits fell by 17 per cent last year to £12.2billion, while the bonus pool was cut from £2.6billion to £2.4billion.The tech firms are investing in rival efforts to beam the internet down to the ground from flying objects in the stratosphere - twice as high as aeroplanes normally fly. Facebook aims to build a network of laser-beaming drones that will tightly circle known black-spots. Google also has a drone project about which it's tight-lipped. But the company is more open about an attempt to send "strings" of giant balloons circumnavigating the globe to provide persistent data links to the parts of the planet they pass. The schemes may both seem far-fetched. But the brains behind both companies' efforts told the BBC they are convinced they have a real shot at connecting the 57% of the world's population still offline. Of the two projects, Facebook's plan is arguably at an earlier stage. "It has not flown yet, that's the next milestone," the social network's engineering chief Jay Parikh acknowledges. But he says he hopes the first drone will be airborne before the year's end. "Don't tell Mark I said that," he hurriedly adds, referring to Facebook's chief executive. "I'm trying to manage Mark's expectations." The aircraft is called Aquila 1 and was recently built in Somerset, England before being shipped to a secret test site. The drone is wider than a Boeing 737 jet but looks quite different, since there's no need to carry passengers or a pilot. The sleek giant structure is made of a thin layer of foam covered in carbon fibre, with four propellers attached. "The whole structure is 142ft (43m) wide but weighs less than a Toyota Prius," Mr Parikh explains. "The structure and stiffness of the plane is all in the carbon fibre of the wing and that supports everything, the [internet-providing] payload, the batteries, and the solar panels on top." The aim is to build a fleet of the drones with radio transmitters fitted underneath to beam data across a 100 mile (160km) diameter zone below. Terminals on the ground would use the signals to provide the internet to people's computers. Facebook wants the drones to stay aloft for three months at a time. That alone would be an impressive feat - the current record is about a fortnight. But the really tricky bit involves creating a sky-high network with several drones acting as intermediary connection points, so that a fast connection sent from a city can be distributed outwards to the final aircraft in the chain as far as 300km (186 miles) away. To help keep data speeds high, Facebook aims to beam lasers between the aircraft across significant distances. "The analogy that we have come up with is this: If I took a US dime [18mm in diameter] and I walked 11 miles away from you, and then you had a laser in your hand, you would have to hit that dime," says Mr Parikh. "And by the way, these are not stationary targets - these are moving. "So, we have to do this and keep this pointed and connected while the one point and the other point are moving. "It's pretty freaking hard." The firm has already trialled the tech in its California labs, but making it work 27km above ground will not be easy. Project Loon's balloons have been taking to the skies since June 2013. "We've flown almost 1,000 balloons at this point," Mike Cassidy, vice-president of Project Loon, tells the BBC. "We've flown almost 20 million kilometres around the world. "One of our balloons went around the world 19 times." The balloons travel with the winds, usually along an easterly or westerly latitude. Google keeps each one on course by pumping helium in and out of a bag fastened inside the balloon's outer plastic envelope. This causes it to rise or fall, letting it find winds that will take it in the desired direction. Rather than try to keep each balloon over one spot, Google's goal is to create a circular sequence. So, as one goes out of range of antennas on the ground, another takes its place, providing a continuous internet connection. Initially, the firm struggled to keep its balloons aloft for much more than a week. But it now regularly keeps them aloft for 150 days. "Even a millimetre-sized hole in a balloon will bring it down in a few days," explains Mr Cassidy. "So, you need to study every phase of the process from manufacturing to packaging to shipping to launch. "We just slowly found the holes by failure analysis." Rather than use lasers, Google relies solely on radio frequencies to transmit its data. Equipment hanging below each aircraft connects to a base station in range below and then sends out the resulting data link to other antennas it can reach, which in turn link up to people's individual computing devices. At present, Loon balloons can cover a circular area spanning 80km (50 miles) in diameter. The balloons can also transmit signals to each other to extend the internet when there is no base station nearby. The firm says it has already linked up two balloons more than 100km apart and transferred data at about 500 megabits per second. But that's a fraction of the tens or even hundreds of gigabits per second rates Facebook believes its lasers are capable of. "Radio technology is generally a more developed technology than freespace optical communication," Google's Mr Cassidy said, explaining his approach. "It's been around longer, the components are typically less expensive. "But we'll definitely look at all technologies that provide good performance." As both schemes advance and more equipment takes to the skies, the risk of an accident increases. Even if Aquila weighs less than a car you still wouldn't want one hurtling towards you or a passenger jet at speed. Mr Parikh, however, is quick to stress there is no imminent risk. "This thing is not yet certified to fly over people's heads," he says. "We will have to do thousands or tens of thousands of fight hours, induce failures, see how these things manage the stress, the [cold] temperature, all of that." But Google's balloons are already active. Indeed, the firm hopes to start providing connections to early adopters in Indonesia and Sri Lanka soon. "We put transponders on all our balloons, which is not required," says Mr Cassidy, "so, just like an aeroplane, air traffic control can always see where the balloons are." But he acknowledges, things do not always go according to plan. "We have had some balloons come down at a time earlier than we expected," he discloses. "But in all those cases we did steer them to an area that was safer to land [and] contact air traffic control to co-ordinate the descent." Assuming life-threatening collisions can be avoided, one expert agreed both projects had potential, not least because they should prove much cheaper than sending up more satellites or other existing alternatives. "They are talking about co-operating with existing communications service providers, which convinces me they won't be Wild West kinds of projects," says William Hahn from the tech consultancy Gartner. "We are seeing more options in a number of different areas as well: we have lower Earth-orbit satellites than we used to have and the cost of optical fibre is coming down. "But there are still some very large populations that are hard to reach and hard to serve, and at least in the mid-term I think these new schemes could be part of the solution." That just leaves the problem - how do you work out where best to deploy all this gear? No-one is suggesting the drones or balloons could provide blanket access. But at present, even the best internet coverage maps break down when you zoom in close enough. Facebook believes its artificial intelligence division could have the solution. "The team has just developed deep expertise at image recognition," reveals Facebook's Mr Parikh. "We've adapted that technology to be able to take in high-resolution satellite imagery and then be able to process it understanding what human dwellings look like. "So, here's a building, here's a home, here's a teepee, here's a train, here's a car - whatever it is, we are now able to come up with a way of better understanding where these people are." The social network has not made its data public yet. And like much else involved with the two connectivity projects, a lot has to be taken on trust at this point. But both Google and Facebook have a big financial incentive to get more people online and a willingness to keep spending until they achieve it. "Our philosophy is to do lots and lots of testing," concludes Google's Mr Cassidy. "If your choice is to sit around for a year or two planning and design and then do one big test, then the test may or may not work. "We like rapidly iterating, and I think from an engineering perspective that's the fastest way to get to a working system." Mr Parikh will provide more details about Facebook's drone at a meeting later this Wednesday, and will feature on Friday's edition of Tech Tent on BBC World ServiceThe co-founder of pre-Facebook social network Plaxo has been charged with murdering his ex-wife's new husband. Minh Nguyen, 38, allegedly shot Corey Mattison two months after he married Denise Nguyen, having broken into the new couple's townhouse in Ashburn, Virginia. Two of Nguyen's three children with Denise were present at the time of the shooting at 9.30pm on Thursday, police said. Shooting: Plaxo co-founder Minh Nguyen (right) allegedly shot dead Corey Mattison, who married his ex-wife Denise in November (new couple pictured together, left). Nguyen has been charged with first-degree murder . Denise walked in with the third child during the attack, according to the Londoun County Sheriff's Office. Nobody else was injured in the attack, the report said, and Nguyen was arrested without incident. He was charged with first-degree murder and is being held without bond. Mattison, who had two elementary-school-aged children of his own, was a project manager at a glass construction company based in Washington, D.C., WPBF reported. His colleagues told the station Mattison spent a lot of time with his children as well as Nguyen's. 'Corey and his wife would go to a baseball game with the kids, and [Nguyen] would blow up,' his colleague Rick Knutson told the station. Attack: Mattison (left) was killed in the shooting at the townhouse he shares with Denise and their children from previous relationships. Denise's three children with Nguyen were present at the shooting, police say . 'Broke in': Nguyen, 38, allegedly broke into the property in Ashburn, Virginia, at 9.30pm on Thursday . 'He would try to prevent them from taking the kids anywhere. The guy seemed to be a little unstable.' Nguyen, a major figure in the US technology business, co-founded Plaxo in 2002 with Sean Parker, Facebook's first president. The site has since been bought by Comcast. The social network described itself as the 'world's leading online address book, storing over 50 million address books with 3.7 billion contacts.' Nguyen, graduated from George Mason University with a degree in Multimedia Design in 1997, is based in Washington, D.C. Tech career: Nguyen co-founded Plaxo in 2002 with Sean Parker (right), who was Facebook's first president . Landmark venture: The pre-Facebook site was billed as an 'online address book' used by 3.7 billion people . Having started out as an interface programmer at AOL, Nguyen's post-Plaxo career saw him take up advising roles at numerous apps and websites. In 2012, he became the founding CEO of App Press, which provided tools for designers to build, manage and deploy apps. He is currently an advisor to for at least three tech firms and the chairman of Syllabuster, a mobile platform for students and teachers.It may be a foregone conclusion in the minds of many that accused Boston bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is guilty of murder. A horrific crime: multiple killings, including that of a child, and more than 200 maimed or wounded. What may be less clear is Tsarnaev's role in the attack, and whether, if convicted, he will be sentenced to death. As both sides prepare for his November trial, court filings and arguments by prosecutors and the defense provide a glimpse into their opposing strategy for the penalty phase of the case. The government says it has video showing Tsarnaev placing a backpack near the finish line, then using his cell phone, moments before the first bomb went off. He walked away and the second bomb went off in front of the camera, officials say. There is also the note Tsarnaev scribbled on the boat he was hiding in, claiming the Boston Marathon victims were payback for U.S. wars in Muslim lands. Excerpts of the note open the grand jury indictment. "I can't stand to see such evil go unpunished;" Tsarnaev wrote. "We Muslims are one body, you hurt one, you hurt us all;" "Now I don't like killing innocent people it is forbidden in Islam but due to said (unintelligible) it is allowed;" and "Stop killing our innocent people and we will stop." In seeking the death penalty, prosecutors cite as an aggravating factor Tsarnaev's "betrayal of the United States." They claim that after Tsarnaev received asylum from the United States, the defendant "enjoyed the freedoms of a United States citizen; and then betrayed his allegiance to the United States" by killing and maiming its people. Leading the defense team is Judy Clarke, a longtime public defender who has represented some of the nation's most notorious criminals, including "Unabomber" Ted Kaczynski, who killed three; Jared Loughner, who shot and killed six people and critically wounded Rep. Gabby Giffords; and Susan Smith, the emotionally disturbed mother who drowned her two children. Kaczynski and Loughner pleaded guilty and were sentenced to life imprisonment. In the Smith case, Clarke argued that her client's abusive childhood and depression tormented her, causing her to "snap." Although it convicted Smith of murdering her sons, the jury spared her life. "She enjoys a wonderful reputation, she fights very hard for all her clients," said former U.S. attorney David Kelley, who prosecuted terrorism cases in New York's Southern District. "She's the model for all defense lawyers." Humanizing Tsarnaev is a priority for his defense team, said David Hoose, a criminal defense lawyer who represented Kristen Gilbert, a former Veterans Administration nurse convicted of killing four patients. The jury in that case did not vote unanimously to impose the death sentence. Gilbert was thus sentenced to life in prison. "There's always a story to be told, " Hoose said. "It's not a story that excuses or justifies what was done. but it explains and allows us to understand as human being to human being what led someone to the point in their life where they could undertake such an act that virtually everyone else finds incomprehensibly horrible." The defense has great leeway in presenting its case for the penalty phase. "The Supreme Court has held that pretty much anything related to the defense background, or character, or to the circumstances surrounding the crime" is admissible, Hoose said. Hoose said he believes Tsarnaev, who was 19 when the crime happened, has a good chance of avoiding the death penalty. "This is a young kid, still impressionable, only a year and a half over the minimum that he would have to be even to be eligible for the death penalty, who is clearly under the influence of an older brother who has been radicalized and who has become extremely violent. What do you do as a younger sibling when that kind of thing is going on in your family?" In a recent court filing, the defense lawyers sought information prosecutors obtained from the federal government's surveillance of Tamerlan Tsarnaev. "Any evidence tending to show that Tamerlan supplied the motivation, planning and ideology behind the Boston Marathon attack, and that his younger brother acted under his domination and control, is material," the defense argued. Tsarnaev's defense team declined to comment to CNN, but in a status hearing this week, they called the Tsarnaev family dynamic key to their case. "If the government indictment is true, this is about a family," defense attorney David Bruck said. The defense objects to having an FBI agent monitor conversations between Tsarnaev and his siblings during prison visits. Judge George O'Toole has indicated he agrees with the defense, but deferred ruling to give prosecutors time to respond. Since the federal death penalty was reinstated in 1988, three people have been executed: Timothy McVeigh, for the Oklahoma City bombing that killed 168 people; Juan Garza, for three murders connected to drug trafficking; and Louis Jones, for the kidnapping and murder of a female soldier. According to the Federal Death Penalty Resource Counsel Project, juries have handed down 74 death sentence verdicts since the death penalty was reinstated. However, a judge has formally applied the sentence only 71 times. The disparity comes from defendants' convictions that were overturned or death verdicts that were vacated before formal sentencing by the judge. The liberal-leaning nature of Boston-area juries also will bear watching in Tsarnaev's case. Massachusetts banned the death penalty in 1984. Hoose said in an area that is heavily Catholic, many are inclined to follow the lead of Pope Francis, who opposes capital punishment. In a Boston Globe poll taken in September, 57% of Boston respondents supported a life sentence for Tsarnaev. Thirty-three percent favored the death penalty. Lillian Campbell, whose granddaughter, Krystle Campbell, was killed in the marathon bombings, told CNN's Chris Cuomo, "When they came out with this part about the death sentence ... I said, well, I don't really care what they do with them. Because whatever they do, it's not going to bring her back," she said. "I'll never forget her, ever, no matter how much they say. Or what they do with the guy who did it. So I wouldn't wish anyone dead. I wouldn't." "Even after what he did?" asked Cuomo. "Even after what he did," Campbell replied. Prosecutors in the case declined to speak with CNN. Former federal prosecutor Allison Burroughs said, given the nature of the crime, it's not surprising the government is seeking the death penalty. "If not in this case, then when?" Burroughs said. However, she said winning a death penalty verdict in Massachusetts is so unlikely it may not be worth the time and resources involved. Others say the government made the right decision. "The death penalty attaching to a case of terrorism where people are maimed and killed is certainly a reasonable option," said Gerry Leone, the former Middlesex County District Attorney who prosecuted "shoe-bomber" Richard Reid in 2002. Reid pleaded guilty before going to trial. Although Leone said he thinks the defense has a chance of beating the death penalty, the prosecution strategy should be clear. "The prosecution keeps harping on and keeps drilling home the facts. And the facts are horrible here. Two-hundred-sixty plus people who were hurt and maimed. Three people dead. A police officer in the aftermath of those actions executed," Leone said. "The government will keep pounding home the facts in this case, which are just horrible from a human perspective." Richard Burr, who represented Timothy McVeigh, knows what it is like to lose a capital case. McVeigh was executed in 2001. "In any case where there is huge public injury, there's pressure on political leaders to seek the death penalty. There may be pressure on jurors to return a death penalty, even against their better wisdom." The key, Burr said, is to present the jurors with a detailed narrative of the defendant's life that can evoke some mercy. "Clarke and her team are masters at getting at a defendant's life story," Burr said. Yet "she is also attuned to the critical need for the capital defense team not to ignore the victims." "The death penalty deprives people of their humanity," Burr added. "We have to try to help remind everybody that we're all in this together."Shoppers could be told how their meat has been killed, with labels on the packaging informing them over whether the animal was 'stunned' or 'unstunned', a government minister has suggested. George Eustice, the Parliamentary under-secretary of state for farming, food and the marine environment, suggested labels such as 'stunned' on the packaging would give a 'clear definition' to consumers. It comes amid an ongoing row about halal meat and the way it is packaged and presented to customers. Scroll down for video . George Eustice (pictured), the Parliamentary under-secretary of state for farming, food and the marine environment, said labels informing consuemrs over how the animal was killed could give 'clear definition' In May, Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg demanded better labelling of meat and suggested suppliers used a designated 'halal' logo. It also emerged that major supermarkets such as Tesco, Sainsbury's, Morrisons, Waitrose and Marks and Spencer were selling the imported meat, while popular restaurant chains such as Pizza Express had been serving halal chicken without making it clear on the menu. Halal meat comes from the traditional Muslim method of slaughtering but is controversial because animals are killed by having their throats cut and then having their blood drained. The European Commission is set to report early next year on whether meat sold in the European Union should be labelled. But Mr Eustice suggested this week that meat products could be labelled 'stunned' or 'unstunned, which would effectively alert shoppers as to whether their meat was killed according to religious guidelines. According to The Telegraph, Mr Eustice told MPs: '[Backbenchers have] made the point that it would be wrong just to label meat as 'stunned' or 'unstunned', and that a fairer way would be to list all the different methods of slaughter. 'The only thing I would say in response is that, from the EU perspective, 'stunned' has a clear legal definition in the legislation, and it is simply that an animal is rendered insensible to pain almost immediately.' Mr Eustice has suggested labels such as 'stunned' or 'unstunned' for meat packaging, to give customers clear information over whether the meat is halal (pictured) or non-halal and suitable under religious guidelines . He also said it would be 'difficult' to brand meat products either kosher or halal because 'there is no single definition of halal' and that a 'further complication is that not all meat slaughtered by kosher methods is deemed kosher'. And he added that it would be complicated to list all of the different methods of slaughter, and said there may not be a 'huge consumer appetite' to do so. HALAL . Halal slaughtering involves cutting through the large arteries in the neck with one swipe of a blade, while a Muslim butcher recites a religious verse. All blood is then drained away since the consumption of blood is forbidden under Islamic law. Under Islamic law, an animal must be slaughtered by having its throat cut while it is conscious. NON-HALAL . In comparison, the non-halal method involves taking animals to an abattoir where they are stunned before being killed. It means the animal is unconscious when it is killed and has an instantaneous death, as opposed to enduring what animal rights activists claim is drawn-out pain and suffering. Once the animal has been killed at the abattoir, it is removed and taken to be hung and butchered. KOSHER . According to the laws, in order for a meat to be kosher it must come from an animal that is ruminant and have split hooves. Ruminant animals chew food once and swallow, before regurgitating it and chewing again. Before slaughtering, the animal must be healthy and uninjured and a sharp knife is used to slice through the main arteries and windpipe, causing a drop in blood pressure that causes the animal to lose consciousness. Huw Irranca-Davies, the shadow environment minister, said the labelling of meat had been 'roundly and rightly rejected' by MPs last year. However, he said that if all different types of slaughter should be labelled then 'make room on the label for slaughter by electrical current, or by carbon dioxide, inert gas, captive bolt pistol, gunshot or free bullet and so on.' 'Some advocate doing so, and it would certainly satisfy the need for transparency,' he added. The row over the labelling of halal meat was sparked in May when it emerged millions of people were being sold halal and kosher meat without being told. Several restaurants such as Pizza Express, KFC and Subway were found to be selling halal meat – mainly chicken – without printing the information on menus. Chains including Domino's, GBK, Nando's, KFC, Ask and Slug & Lettuce also admitted to using halal meat in some dishes, mainly chicken, and locations. At least ten top higher education establishments - including Oxford University and the University of Manchester – were also found to be secretly serving up meat from potentially unstunned animals. In Manchester, 85 per cent of all meat served was found to unlabelled halal meal, while all the chicken served at universities in Sheffield and Exeter - which is halal - was not marked as so. Cardiff and Lincoln were also found to be among the universities serving significant quantities of the meat, without telling consumers. It also emerged that most of the major supermarkets were selling New Zealand lamb killed according to halal ritual without providing labels. The switch to slaughtering animals in line with Islamic ritual helps supermarket chains save money because the end product can be eaten by Muslims and non-Muslims alike. Both halal and kosher slaughter involve a religious ritual in which the throat is cut. But some animals are not stunned beforehand, which is said to leave them in pain. The ongoing row about halal meat and the way it is packaged and presented to customers was sparked in May, after it was revealed millions of people were being sold halal and kosher meat without being told (file picture) In conventional slaughterhouses, cows, sheep and chicken are stunned, usually with an electric shock, to ensure they are unconscious before their throats are cut. This is said to minimise their suffering. After it emerged that halal was widely sold unknowingly to consumers, Mr Clegg demanded better labelling of meat. He said that while he personally had 'no problem' eating halal meat, produce should be clearly labelled because 'consumers want to know more about how the food arrived on their plate.' Religious groups from all faiths, vets and animal welfare groups have also previously joined calls for new labels to identify halal or kosher meat.(CNN)The death of a 14-year-old shot by police just blocks from his school is the latest flashpoint as political tensions mount in Venezuela and pockets of anti-government protests erupt throughout the country. Kluibert Roa Nuñez, a high school student, was killed Tuesday when he got caught between protesters and national police in the western city of San Cristobal. A police officer fatally shot Kluibert, officials say. The government and the opposition alike have condemned the teen's killing, but Venezuela's recent history of violence and sharp political polarization hang over this shooting. Already protesters opposed to President Nicolas Maduro's government are pointing to the teen's death as a fresh rallying cry. And Maduro has blamed protesters for the violence that led to the shooting. A year ago, San Cristobal was the birthplace of anti-government protests that spread nationwide. The standoffs between security forces and protesters lingered for weeks and became violent, with more than 40 deaths, according to the government. Three witnesses at Tuesday's protest said that Kluibert was not a protester and had inadvertently come across the confrontation after leaving school. Vivian Nuñez, the slain teen's mother, told CNN en Español her son was walking four blocks from his school when a riot broke out around him. The protesters -- mostly students from a nearby university -- were running from police at the moment that Kluibert walked into the area, according to the witnesses, who spoke with CNN en Español. The teen tried to protect himself by ducking under a car but suffered a direct shot from an officer's firearm, the witnesses said. CNN has not independently confirmed how the shooting unfolded. The governor of the state of Tachira, where San Cristobal is located, declined to comment on his government's version of events. The teen's death sparked several protests around the country Wednesday. In Caracas, demonstrators outside the justice ministry held up notebooks smeared with red paint to symbolize the blood of the country's youth they say has been spilled. "A bloody notebook. This is what we, the students, have -- ideas," protester Hilda Rubi said. "We say to Mr. Nicolas Maduro, 'Are you afraid of the students? These are our weapons: a notebook, pens, thoughts and ideology.' " The Venezuelan government responded quickly to the killing, detaining and identifying the national police officer who shot the teen. The interior ministry named Javier Mora Ortiz, 23, as the shooter. Attorney General Luisa Ortega Díaz announced Wednesday that Mora is formally charged with intentional homicide, and that nine protesters were also arrested in San Cristobal. Interior Minister Carmen Melendez, speaking on state television, vowed that the officer would be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. She appealed for calm, asking students to remember the 43 deaths recorded in clashes last year. The police has been reformed since then, she said, calling the national police force a "protector of human rights." "This is an isolated incident that does not represent the behavior of the new, humanist police," Melendez said. To protesters, and to the family of the slain teen, these comments seem to be insincere, or outright lies. Erick Roa, the father of the slain teen, told CNN en Español's Fernando del Rincon that he wants the full weight of the law to be applied to the officer but is not comforted by the government's actions. The officer's quick confession might be part of a strategy to get a lenient sentence, Roa said. He is afraid the justice system will go easy on Mora because he is a police officer. "This was a murder; this was a homicide committed by this man, and he should pay with the full weight of the law," he said. The father also questioned the government's claims of what kind of projectile killed his son. The interior minister said Mora shot Kluibert with a shotgun loaded with rubber pellets. Roa said that if the weapon was indeed a shotgun, it was loaded with lead pellets, not rubber. The coroner's report said that a firearm caused the fatal wound, without detailing whether it was rubber or lead pellets, the father said. The government also said that police provided first aid to the injured teen, something that witnesses deny. Roa pleaded for police to "be guardians" while on duty, saying he hopes another child won't become a victim. The fury over Tuesday's shooting echoes the arguments made by pro- and anti-government groups in the past. Maduro framed the boy's death around the actions of the protesters in San Cristobal. He described a group of "hooded youths" who were "being violent," beating police and pelting officers with rocks before police responded with force. Critics of the government turned to one of their most powerful tools -- social media -- to accuse the security forces of abuses and to share photos they say back their allegations. Tweets were tagged with #SOSVenezuela, #PrayForVenezuela and #MaduroAsesinoDeEstudiantes, literally accusing the President of killing students. Government supporters tweeted under the banner #ApoyoRotundoAMaduro, or "complete support for Maduro." All this turmoil comes during an economic crisis in oil-rich Venezuela. Venezuelans have endured years of shortages of basic goods, products and services. Consumers have to stand in line for hours for staples such as milk, chicken and cornmeal. Even toilet paper and condoms are scarce. Venezuela's currency, the bolivar, is overvalued. The official exchange rate is 6.3 per dollar, but dollars are being exchanged in the black market at 190-to-1 creating all kinds of problems for foreign companies, including American ones. Last week, the mayor of Caracas, Venezuela's capital and largest city, was arrested and accused of plotting to overthrow Maduro's government. In fragile economy, Venezuela arrests opposition figures: Why you should care . Mayor Antonio Ledezma, one of the opposition's most visible leaders, was arrested in a raid by federal agents. The opposition says the mayor's arrest is an attempt to divert attention from the country's economic woes. CNN's Kay Guerrero, Miguel Escalona and Catherine E. Shoichet and journalist Osmary Hernandez contributed to this report.By . James Slack for the Daily Mail . Foreign criminals have been rounded up from Britain’s ‘soft’ open jails and put back behind bars to stop them absconding. Over the past 48 hours, more than 20 offenders were moved back to closed conditions. Justice Secretary Chris Grayling has now imposed a ban on foreign convicts who are subject to deportation orders being placed in open jail. More than 20 offenders were moved from open jails and back to closed conditions to stop them absconding . They will also be barred from taking part in Release on Temporary Licence, whereby inmates can leave a jail in the daytime to find work or undergo rehabilitation because a string of prisoners have failed to return. The move will affect hundreds of foreign prisoners. There are some 800 awaiting deportation. Justice Secretary Chris Grayling said: ‘We are working hard to return foreign national prisoners to their own countries to serve their sentences. While they remain with us, we must do all we can to make sure they stay safely under lock and key. ‘That’s why I am changing the rules to prevent those foreign nationals who are going to be deported from being transferred into open prisons or getting temporary release. ‘It’s clearly not right that foreign nationals who are going to be deported end up in open prisons where they might abscond and threaten public safety.’ Figures published last month showed a sharp rise in the number of inmates going missing from jail – in the past year there were 225, up almost 30 per cent over the past two years. This included 137 from open prisons, which have been the subject of controversy after a spate of criminals walked out. The most high-profile was Michael Wheatley, known as the ‘Skullcracker’, who sparked a nationwide hunt after absconding from HMP Standford Hill on the Isle of Sheppey, Kent. Justice Secretary Chris Grayling (pictured) has imposed ban on foreign convicts subject to deportation orders . Officials say the number of foreign criminals who have walked out is around 10 over the past five years. It comes amid renewed controversy over the Government’s record. On Monday, the Mail revealed how the number of overseas inmates escaping deportation rocketed by 50 per cent last year. In total, only 1,310 of the 4,030 overseas convicts considered for removal were sent home. The offenders who were not thrown out last year included 15 murderers, five people guilty of manslaughter, 15 rapists, 140 robbers and 20 people guilty of sex offences against children. The foreign convicts are now avoiding deportation in one in every three cases – a sharp increase on previous years.(CNN)Phylicia Rashad says she was misquoted. She says she wasn't being dismissive of the women who've accused Bill Cosby of sexual assault when she came to the comedian's defense in an online interview. "I am a woman. I would never do that," she said on ABC's "World News Tonight With David Muir" on Wednesday. 'Forget these women' Rashad played Clair Huxtable, Bill Cosby's TV wife, on the groundbreaking NBC sitcom "The Cosby Show." Cosby's now been accused of harassing, drugging and sexually assaulting multiple women. And in an interview with Showbiz 411, Rashad said she never saw any indication of the behavior that the women have attributed to Cosby. "Forget these women," Rashad is quoted as telling the outlet. "What you're seeing is the destruction of a legacy. And I think it's orchestrated. I don't know why or who's doing it, but it's the legacy. And it's a legacy that is so important to the culture." Fast forward to Wednesday night. Rashad says the Showbiz 411 piece didn't accurately reflect what she said -- especially the "forget these women" part. "That was a misquote. That is not what I said," Rashad said. "What I said is, 'this is not about the women. This is about something else. This is about the obliteration of legacy.' " In a Wednesday post, Roger Friedman, the columnist who wrote the Showbiz 411 article, denied that he misquoted Rashad, but wrote that he understands how her words were taken out of context. "She didn't mean for it to be taken the way it was, and I should have punctuated. There was NEVER the meaning in 'Forget those women' that she was saying to actually forget or dismiss then." He continued, "She meant, 'those women aside' -- as in, she's not talking about that, she's talking about Cosby's legacy being destroyed. It was conversational. Somehow this got twisted. I am really sorry if the way I presented it made it seem like either one of us was forgetting anyone." Allred calls Rashad out . In coming to the defense of her TV husband, Rashad has now waded into a controversy that continues to dog Cosby. More than 20 women have come forward with claims, and a defamation lawsuit has been filed against Cosby. On Wednesday, attorney Gloria Allred brought out three more women -- Linda Kirkpatrick, Lynn Neal and a woman who chose to be identified only as Kacey -- who say they were sexually assaulted by the comedian after being drugged by him. While introducing the women, Allred addressed Rashad's statements to Showbiz 411. "Phylicia, you should be supporting these women rather than joining Cosby's paid 'attack dogs' who are trying to undermine them in any way that they can," Allred said. Cosby stays mum . And Cosby? He's maintaining his silence -- as he's done while his reputation suffers. He was in Kitchener, Ontario, on Wednesday night for a standup appearance. A few dozen protestors rallied outside, but the show went on without a hitch. Larger protests are planned for Thursday night's shows. After his set, Cosby released a statement thanking attendees. "I would like to personally thank you for giving me the opportunity to bring laughter back into your lives tonight," he said. Also, I would like to applaud all of you and give you a standing ovation for respecting yourselves, the theatre (Centre In The Square) and the event organizers that produced a spectacular show for the Kitchener Community." CNN's Eliott C. McLaughlin, Lisa Respers France and Todd Leopold contributed to this report from Atlanta, and Paula Newton from Ontario.By . James Rush . Created: . 11:18 EST, 3 March 2014 . An investment banker who claims a man with the same name stood in for him at his own wedding has failed in his attempt to avoid a big money divorce suit. Former top-earning UBS banker Amit Goyal, 36, told a judge his headhunter wife Ankita 'married another Amit Goyal' at a ceremony at a four star hotel. He said he was relaxing at home six hours away while the service was taking place. Amit Goyal (left), 36, told a judge his headhunter wife Ankita (right) 'married another Amit Goyal' at a ceremony at a four star hotel . The high-flying city couple, who lived at Canary Wharf, London, met on Indian dating site Shaadi.com. They were married on September 15, 2003, in the Indian city of Meerut - but Mr Goyal insists he was 'not present at the ceremony'. He claimed his 33-year-old wife could neither divorce him, nor claim any financial support, because they were never married in the first place. However, Judge Mark Everall QC granted Mrs Goyal a decree nisi last year after describing her husband as an 'unreliable' witness and ruling that 'there was a valid marriage between the couple'. Challenging that decision at the Court of Appeal, Mr Goyal pointed to a mysterious thumb print on his marriage certificate - and an absence of wedding photos - in a bid prove himself a bachelor. In his judgement, Judge Everall also said that Mr Goyal was £300,000 in debt - despite earning £185,000-a-year, plus bonuses, before he was made redundant. The Hotel Samrat Heavens, in the Indian city of Meerut, where the marriage between Ankita Goyal and Amit Goyal took place . His complaints were thrown out by the judge, who said he had 'no prospect' of blocking his wife's divorce petition. Mr Goyal met his wife on the Indian matrimonial website in 2003. He had then been accepted to study at the 'very prestigious' INSEAD business school in Paris, having worked in London since 2002, but agreed to meet his prospective bride back in his homeland. The pair became engaged three days after they met and a wedding was fixed for the following month with the consent of Mrs Goyal’s senior army officer father. Speaking after the hearing, Mrs Goyal said she was 'very happy' at the outcome which would have 'massive implications' for her future . 'Mrs Goyal and her parents were happy to go along with the plan. Mr Goyal was a well-educated young man with evidently good prospects in the well-paid world of international finance,' Judge Everall said in his ruling. He flew to New Delhi and his fiancee’s family arranged a 'short marriage ceremony', in advance of the full festivities, in order to speed along her French visa application prior to the couple’s flight to Europe. However, the banker asserted that his wife tied the knot with an imposter at Meerut’s luxury Hotel Samrat Heavens, claiming that he had been six hours’ away in his home town, Bathinda, on the morning of the nuptials. 'His case is that Mrs Goyal and he were not married on September 15, 2003; he was not present at any ceremony that may have taken place on that day. His case is that she married another man that day,' Judge Everall explained. Mr Goyal said this meant his subsequent 'marriage', celebrated just three days later, was invalid - even though the groom’s name on the wedding certificate for the previous ceremony matched his own. The pair moved to France and then the UK, before their daughter, now six, was born in 2007. But their relationship 'irretrievably broke down' and Mrs Goyal moved out of their Docklands home in 2011. Mr Goyal claimed that he had 'not read the certificate carefully enough' in 2003 and that the first time he noticed the discrepancies in the dates was more than a year after the relationship ended. Judge Everall heard expert evidence that a photograph, supposedly depicting the groom on the marriage certificate, was not of Mr Goyal, and a thumb print on the document, which was purportedly his, belonged to someone else. The expert also highlighted a number of 'oddities' about the registration of the marriage. 'Standing back and having regard to . all the evidence and Judge Everall’s reasoning, I do not detect that he . had any real difficulty in arriving at his conclusion. Indeed, . having regard to his finding that Mr Goyal’s evidence pointed to him . being unreliable, it seems to me that the conclusion to which he came . was, in reality, the only one which was open to him' - Lord Justice Kitchin . Nonetheless, the judge said that 'the overwhelming probability on all the evidence is that Mrs Goyal did not marry, and did not intend to marry, a different Amit Goyal on 15th September, 2003. 'Why should she do so? Why should she do this on September 15 and then marry Mr Goyal on September 18 and fly with him to France?' the judge asked. Mr Goyal was a 'highly educated and intelligent man' who had worked for Barclays, Deutsche Bank and UBS and who was 'precise and careful'. But the judge said of him: 'I did not find him a satisfactory witness'. Rejecting his claim that he did not check the marriage papers until long after the split, the judge said his evidence about that was 'unconvincing and implausible'. 'I find there was a valid marriage between Mrs Goyal and Mr Goyal on September 15, 2003, in Meerut, India,' the judge concluded, before formally ending their union. On appeal, Mr Goyal argued in person that it 'simply was not possible' that he could have made the ceremony in time, because he was in Bathinda at 9am on the day of the wedding. Pointing to the lack of wedding snaps, he said: 'Marriage is the one of the most sacred things in the Hindu religion. If you say to someone there is a marriage without photographs, it simply does not add up.' But Lord Justice Kitchin said: 'Standing back and having regard to all the evidence and Judge Everall’s reasoning, I do not detect that he had any real difficulty in arriving at his conclusion. 'Indeed, having regard to his finding that Mr Goyal’s evidence pointed to him being unreliable, it seems to me that the conclusion to which he came was, in reality, the only one which was open to him.' The judge concluded: 'I’m satisfied there is no prospect of success in this application. It must therefore be dismissed.' Speaking after the hearing, Mrs Goyal said she was 'very happy' at the outcome which would have 'massive implications' for her future.The glitch caused iPad software - used by the planes' pilots and co-pilots for viewing flight plans - to stop working. The firm's cockpits went "paperless" in 2013 to save its staff having to lug heavy paperwork on board. AA estimated the move would save it more than $1.2m (Â£793,600) in fuel every year. The company said that it was still investigating the cause of the problem. "Some American Airlines flights experienced an issue with a software application on pilot iPads yesterday evening," a spokesman told the BBC. "In some cases, the flight had to return to the gate to access a wi-fi connection to fix the issue. "We apologise for the inconvenience to our customers and we had them on the way to their destinations soon afterwards." Serge Gojkovich, chief executive of car parking app-maker Curbstand, was among the passengers affected. He tweeted that his San Francisco-to-Los Angeles flight was only able to get airborne after the crew had printed off the maps they needed. A spokesman for the airline was unable to confirm the report. American Airlines is not the only carrier whose pilots and cabin crew have switched from using physical charts and paper manuals to tablets. United Airlines was also an early adopter of iPads, while Delta has opted for Microsoft's Surface tablets instead. British Airways and Ryanair are among others still in the process of shifting to so-called Electronic Flight Bag-based systems. In addition to saving on fuel costs, it is also suggested that such kit reduces flight preparation time, reduces the likelihood of injuries and helps staff by offering real-time updates. There is competition between several firms to provide the software and support that make the technology possible. American Airlines pilots use an app called FliteDeck, which is made by the Boeing subsidiary Jeppesen. A spokeswoman for the firm was unable to provide comment when contacted by the BBC.By . Anna Edwards . Imomotimi Wilson treated his alleged victim 'like a piece of meat' A man on trial for rape for allegedly refusing to wear a condom on the third time he had sex with a woman in a one-night stand has told the jury it was 100 per cent consensual. Imomotimi Wilson, 30, met his alleged victim in a pub and she agreed to go back to his house but told him she would only have sex if he used protection. They had consensual sex twice but on the third occasion claims that Wilson failed to use a condom. The woman, a 40-year-old, said Wilson treated her 'like a piece of meat' as the alleged attack took place. She said he held her hands over her head and told her 'if you love me you'll do it' before raping her for 15-20 seconds. But giving evidence at his trial at Cambridge Crown Court Wilson said 'she said stop and that's when I stopped'. He said: 'She said I feel like having sex again and I said "Yes, I feel like having sex with you as well again but there is no condom". 'She was romancing me, touching and kissing, and I said no, I do not want to do that because there is no condom. 'She started kissing me again and then I penetrated her. I believed 100 per cent it was consensual. 'Then she said stop and that's when I stopped. There were three seconds of penetration.' The court heard how the pair met at The Regal pub in Cambridge on June 9 last year . The court heard how she phoned police later that afternoon and Wilson was arrested . The court heard how the pair met at The Regal pub in Cambridge on June 9 last year and took a taxi back to Wilson's shared house in the city at 2am. She then spent most of the evening in bed with the defendant before leaving the property at around 6am. The court heard how she phoned police later that afternoon and Wilson was arrested. Caroline Allison, prosecuting, said: 'The prosecution say that she had made it perfectly clear in plain straight-forward language that the situation was no condom, no sex and that nothing had happened in the intervening period that would invite a reasonable belief that she was indeed consenting to unprotected sex.' Wilson, of Cambridge, has pleaded not guilty to rape after claiming he stopped on the third time the woman said no. The trial continues. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.Mauricio Pochettino has ordered his Tottenham players to be more aggressive after they slumped to a dismal defeat at home to West Brom at the weekend. Spurs face Nottingham Forest on Wednesday night in the Capital One Cup, with Pochettino expecting his players to show more energy and fight than they did in the league. It has been a disappointing start to his reign at the club, after replacing Tim Sherwood in the summer, and he is demanding that his players do something about it. Mauricio Pochettino has ordered his Tottenham players to be more aggressive after they slumped to a defeat . West Brom beat Tottenham Hotspur at the weekend and Mauricio Pochettino wants an immediate reaction . Mauricio Pochettino has demanded his Tottenham players show more aggression in the Premier League . Pochettino said: 'We need to move the ball quicker, faster. West Brom played a long ball and to try to win the second ball. Maybe we have problem because the second ball we arrive late always, we arrive a lot of time to late in the box of the opposition. We need to be more aggressive in the last third of the pitch. 'We had the possession more than 60 per cent, after we need all we create from the back and build, we need to be more aggressive. We are in the moment we need to set our style and philosophy. This is a normal process, it is maybe up and down in the beginning, but we need to be strong and to carry on and to work hard and believe in our way. 'We are ready to compete and to fight against Forest because we expect a tough game.' Mauricio Pochettino wants to see a change: 'We need to be more aggressive in the last third of the pitch' Spurs won their opening four games of the season under the Argentine, but have now drawn two and lost two of their last four. But Pochettino insisted that the job is not bigger than he anticipated when he arrived in the summer. He added: 'No not really. When we arrive here we know the situation. We know that maybe happen up and down in different period. Always different when you arrive at a new club with different players you need time to get to know each other. 'I'm not worrying about the situation. I believe at the moment to we need to have more points to reflect the table, it's the beginning of the season, it's not how we start it's how we finish. We are sure our team will improve not only in how we play but in the results in the next few weeks.' Andros Townsend has returned from injury after missing Tottenham's West Brom defeat. Tottenham Hotspur face Nottingham Forest on Wednesday night in the Capital One Cup third round .But there are strict rules about their usage, which has led some to come up with innovative ways to fly such vehicles more safely. "I'm using a dog leash for a small dog," says roboticist Sergei Lupashin as he demonstrates a new kind of consumer-friendly drone at the Ted (Technology, Entertainment and Design) conference in Vancouver. By tethering it, he hopes the Fotokite, as it is called, can avoid some of the issues faced by unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), which are banned without a special licence because of safety and privacy concerns. "It doesn't rely on GPS [ Global Positioning System], sophisticated machine vision, radio, it doesn't even use a compass. Most crashes today happen because of GPS, radio or piloting issues," says Dr Lupashin. "Should something happen, the leash gives a robust fail safe - the vehicle reduces thrust and it automatically comes back to the operator," he adds. The inspiration for the device came during street protests in Bolotnaya Square in Moscow, when he realised it could be an invaluable tool for reporting protests around the world. "For journalists it is good to get that perspective, to show the scale of the event without adding to the tension," says Dr Lupashin. But he also sees potential for amateur and professional photographers, archaeologists, architects and even as a toy for children. His prototype device uses a shop-bought quadrocopter with "a basic action camera attached" which, in turn, is connected to a standard dog lead. It can shoot both video and stills. Drones have long been associated with the military, but increasingly they are finding their way into civilian life, for a wide range of uses including delivering medicines in the developing world, for farming and as a low-cost way of getting broadband to remote parts of the world - something both Facebook and Google are actively pursuing. They are also useful tools for both professional and amateur photographers, providing the opportunity for a bird's eye view of people and places. "Aerial photography is a fascinating new application for small, unmanned vehicles but the remote-controlled ones are very complex and can be difficult to use. They are also dangerous," says Dr Lupashin. The safety issue took centre stage last month when an Australian triathlete was injured by an aerial drone taking pictures of the race she was competing in. A drone on a lead is likely to be treated with far less suspicion, says Dr Lupashin. "People treat you normally - it is like a flying pet. It always has a physical connection to the operator," he says. The BBC, along with other news organisations, already uses drones for filming, but it is constantly looking to update its kit. Andy Armstrong, a consultant looking at emerging broadcast technologies, recently tested the Fotokite for the BBC. Its ease of use and portability makes it useful for journalists in the field, he says. "Anyone who's walked a dog without losing it can operate Fotokite," he adds, although he notes that "to get really stable shots you need almost completely still air". Its lack of anonymity could also be a problem though. "There are certain scenarios where you wouldn't want to attract that much attention," he says. Jake Berger, a BBC programme manager, wanted a UAV that would be able to safely film aerial shots of the crowds at an open-air theatre show. "The fact that Fotokite was tethered - flown on a retractable dog leash - meant it was suitable," he says. "Unfortunately, the British weather confounded us on the day of the performance - it rained continuously for about six hours. "This would have both blown the electronics on Fotokite and risked electrocution from lightning." Currently the use of commercial drones in the US is banned by the Federal Aviation Authority (FAA). Anyone wishing to use one has to obtain a special licence. The question of whether a tethered drone would be exempt from this is unclear. According to Ben Gielow, general counsel for the Association for Unmanned Vehicles Systems Internet, even a drone on a lead would be against the law. He says the FAA told one company that wanted to fly a tethered drone that "until we have new regulations in place, the only path for you to fly your aircraft in the National Airspace System (even tethered) is to obtain the special airworthiness certificate in the experimental category". Others though, who are developing similar tethered drones, say they have been told by the FAA that such UAVs would be exempt from current guidelines. The reality is that, in the US at least, there are no clear rules yet about the use of UAVs, tethered or not. "The FAA has been dragging its feet for four years and are now faced with an explosion of this technology. People can buy inexpensive, sophisticated systems off the internet and it doesn't have the resources to govern or control these unmanned aircraft," said Mr Gielow. There are guidelines governing the use of model aircraft in the US - they must always be: This led the FAA to ban Texas-based search-and-rescue group EquuSearch from using a remote-controlled plane to help search for missing people. In response the group has launched legal action challenging the validity of an FAA ban and similar cases are also going through the courts. "Their frustration is that if they were using such an aircraft for fun it would be allowed but because they are using it for search and rescue it isn't," says Mr Gielow. The lack of clarity about the use of UAVs has led to anger among US manufacturers who fear being left behind by other countries, such as the UK, France and Israel, which have much clearer guidelines regarding drone use. The US Congress has given the FAA until 2015 to create such rules, and this month it opened its first test facility in North Dakota. But, for the time being at least, it seems that much about the use of such unmanned flying vehicles remains up in the air.Montreal's Olympic Stadium is known as the "Big O," but for many of the city's taxpayers it is really the "Big Owe." "It took us 30 years to pay it off and as a taxpayer I'm not too happy about it," said one Montreal resident, echoing the anger that many here still feel about the way the games were funded in 1976. "It was not very well managed as a financial project. And we have a fabulous stadium, but I think it cost more than all the covered stadia in North America put together, " said Dick Pound, former International Olympic Committee vice-president and a prominent resident of the Canadian city. However, Pound said calling the Montreal games of 1976 "the bankrupt Olympics" is a bad rap, and pointed out that the games actually made money. He said they paved the way for a new financial structure and the introduction of lucrative new television rights deals. People still come up to him and remember how well the Montreal games were staged and, in the end, how exciting they were, he added. "They were pretty magic. All Olympics are magic but we had Comaneci with her first '10' and we had the Spinks brothers and we had Sugar Ray Leonard," he said. "I mean we had some magnificent heroes of the modern Olympics." But there is weariness in Montreal about being known for staging the Olympic games that almost bankrupted a city. The city's mayor at the time, Jean Drapeau, famously remarked that if the games end up having a deficit, men will have babies. And it was in large part due to the Olympic Stadium construction that the statement seems so ridiculous now. The Olympic debt was nearly US$1.48 billion, and the stadium itself has been an engineering nightmare -- the retractable roof has struggled to worked properly over the years and almost forced the closure of the entire arena last year amid safety concerns. But the city's current government insists Montreal has put that legacy behind it and the Olympic stadium is now a key attraction. "Now it is paid, and it's profitable for Montreal to keep it," said Manon Barbe, the councillor in charge of sports and leisure for the city. Barbe pointed out that the legacy of the games has created a sporting city that nurtures hundreds of elite athletes. "Today Montreal has more than 1,000 elite athletics and more than 100 coaches. And if it's that high, it's not a coincidence. It is because we decided to keep most of our sporting facilities," said Barbe. One of those facilities is the Claude Robillard Sporting Center, an impressive training facility for more than a dozen sports that nurtures athletes of all ages. During the 76' games, the center hosted handball and water polo and was a training center for athletics, swimming and field hockey. Today, hundreds of aspiring athletes receive access to coaching and equipment, much of it subsidized by the city of Montreal. On most days you will find former Canadian Olympian Hank Palmer here on the track, either indoors or outdoors, or training in the pool or weights room. "If I didn't have this center, I probably wouldn't be at the peak I am, I would not have the career I've been able to have," said the sprinter, who competed at the Beijing Olympics in 2008. "This center really helped me develop myself, not only as a track athlete but an athlete in general because I have so many other sports around me. "I can cross-train, do basketball, soccer, weight training, anything."On Wednesday, a court in Thane, a Mumbai suburb, had convicted Girish Pote, 35, for the 2013 murder. The prosecutors told the court that Pote killed his wife Madhuvanti Pathak and chopped her body into pieces. The crime came to light after he telephoned relatives to confess to the crime and they informed the police. In India, a life term generally ends in 14 years, but the Thane district court judge Mridula Bhatia said he would remain in jail for as long as he lived because of the "gruesome" nature of his crime. Pathak held a French passport since her mother was from France. The couple married on 20 June 2006 and lived in Mumbai's Bhayander area. They had a two-year-old son, who was with Pote's parents at the time of the crime. Police said Pote had attacked his wife with a knife. They said the couple had been fighting over money and also because Pathak wanted to return to France.(CNN) -- In a bookstore, I saw a woman taking photograph after photograph of newly released titles that were arranged on a shelf. She was using her phone to take the pictures. I didn't understand. Why would anyone want to take pictures of books? Then, at a restaurant, waiting for a table, I heard two men, also waiting, talking. One said he had just ended a frustrating day at the store he owned. "Do they think I'm a showroom?" he said. He mentioned people who had come into his shop that day, had looked at the merchandise, had taken notes -- and then had left. "Do they think I don't know what they're doing?" he said. It is a relatively new phenomenon. Among retail merchants -- owners of stores both small and large -- it has a name: . "Showrooming." No one showrooms by choice. And it represents a potential sea change in American life. Its implications are vast. As described in an article by reporter Amy Zimmerman in the Wall Street Journal, showrooming is "when shoppers come into a store to see a product in person, only to buy it from a rival online, frequently at a lower price." Say a merchant owns a retail store -- a brick-and-mortar store, on a city street. He or she hires staff, pays rent, writes checks for electricity and telephone service, pays for janitorial work, pays real estate and sales taxes, invests heavily in merchandise. And hopes against hope that customers will come in, look around and buy something. This is how the retail sales business has always worked. But in recent years, as online companies without a single physical store have risen to prominence, something new has occurred. People will come into stores, look around, stop at items they particularly like -- and instead of carrying them to the cash register, will take photos of them, or type a description into their smartphones. Then, in many cases, they will go home, enter the product into a search engine and find some online-only merchant -- a merchant who has no real-life stores -- who is selling the item for less money. A tap of the "Enter" key, a few keystrokes to provide credit card information, and the item -- the item the person has examined and liked in the brick-and-mortar store -- is on its way to the buyer's home. It's all so effortless. The online merchant wins. The purchaser wins. Who loses? You know the answer. The loser is the owner of that real-life store: the person who has stocked the merchandise, hired the staff, paid to keep the store cool in summer and warm in winter, written the rent checks and the tax checks. It is no wonder merchants are feeling frustration and anger that their stores are being considered as little more than showrooms by some shoppers -- showrooms displaying merchandise that, if the people wandering the aisles go home and buy from an online vendor, will provide not a cent in revenue to the owner of the real store. Do the customers ever look into the eyes of the proprietor of the store and wonder if this new way is fair to him? As Brad Tuttle of Time magazine has written: . "Most consumers don't really care how, or even if, a retailer makes money. All they care about is which one has the best products at the cheapest prices. The ideal situation is one in which they can inspect merchandise in person, and then buy it at the cheapest price without having to schlep it to and from the car, and without having to pay extra for delivery." What's the difference, you may ask? Why does this matter? It will matter when and if critical mass is reached, and online-only merchants, who don't have to underwrite the expense of having traditional stores on city streets, reach dominance. Then, one by one, the stores that have unwillingly become showrooms for the online merchants will fold up. And the American downtown-and-mall landscape will begin to look barren. A doomsday scenario? Perhaps. But "just browsing" has taken on a different meaning in the context of shoppers who go home and use their computers' browsers to find online retailers who will undercut the conventional stores. Last weekend I was in central Ohio for the annual charity race we hold to raise cancer-research money in memory of my late friend Jack Roth. I asked his daughter, Maren, who owns a women's boutique called Rowe, whether she was familiar with the showrooming phenomenon. She said she has seen it with her own eyes, in her own store. "If they tell you how much they like an item, and take a picture of it and then leave the store and you never hear from them again, it's a pretty good indication that they may be going home and looking for a better price online," she said. "And if they call the store later and ask you to tell them the specific style name and number of the item -- then you really know. They're putting the merchandise they saw in your store into a search engine." It's not just smaller merchants like Roth. Target, the retail-store giant, wrote a letter to its vendors this year that said, "What we aren't willing to do is let online-only retailers use our brick-and-mortar stores as a showroom for their products and undercut our prices without making investments, as we do, to proudly display your brands." What all this will eventually do to old-style stores is anyone's guess. Perhaps they will be judged to have outlived their usefulness. In the meantime, merchants will continue to open their doors each morning in the hopes that the people who come in will really intend to buy something. There is a longstanding axiom that business owners are supposed to believe in: "The customer is always right." But in this emerging era in which people come into stores taking photos and making lists, with no intention to give the store owner their business, worried merchants can't be blamed if they look around their shops and ask themselves: . Who, and what, is a customer? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene.Plans drawn up by Bradford Council include a clockwise one-way gyratory along East Parade, Hanover Street and Cavendish Street. Deputy council leader Val Salter said urgent action was needed to combat the town's growing congestion problem. Plans will be displayed in the Airedale shopping centre on 11 and 13 June.Thorpe, 23, has made seven appearances for the Millers this season, but last featured in the 5-2 defeat by Ipswich on 7 November. The former Manchester United trainee could make his Bradford debut against Millwall on Saturday. The Bantams are currently seventh in League One, outside the play-offs on goal difference.CNN senior international correspondent Nick Paton Walsh has won an Emmy award for outstanding writing for his reports filed from Syria and Afghanistan. The award-winning reports were "Aleppo Airstrikes," "Aleppo: Old City Fight," and "Afghan Women Self-Immolation." In its submission to the Annual News and Documentary Emmy Awards, CNN highlighted Paton Walsh's "poetic writing," saying it contrasted "with the sobering environments from which his stories are usually drawn." "His reports punch through the daily accounts of wounded and dead, and give us a fresh way to see the grinding pitilessness of war, and its quirky inconsistencies," the broadcaster said. "Aleppo Airstrikes" is the account of indiscriminate shelling in the Syrian city of Aleppo. Walsh's piece to camera sees him crouching as a government bomber jet flies above. "It's that sound that terrifies ordinary residents of Aleppo daily," he says. Of the lone infant who survives the strike, Paton Walsh observes: "A year old, he was born into Syria's bloody revolution, and may yet survive it still." In "Aleppo: Old City Fight," Paton Walsh goes right inside the fight for the historic old city. His report focuses on the improvised nature of the battle, with "pot-shots at nothing in particular" and what it could mean for the wider conflict. CNN said Paton Walsh's war reporting was "complemented by his sensitive stories about the plight of women in the developing world." In "Afghan Women Self-Immolation," the correspondent reports on an epidemic of self-immolation among young married women in Herat. The women take the drastic measure as a form of protest against the abuse they suffer at the hands of their husbands or in-laws. CNN said Paton Walsh's "delicate writing has a reverential tone, bestowing upon these sad burn victims in Herat the respect they seek." Beirut-based Paton Walsh has worked for CNN since 2011, focusing on the Middle East, Afghanistan and surrounding region. He topped five other contenders to take home the award for outstanding writing at the awards ceremony, which was held in New York, Tuesday. More recently, Paton Walsh has reported from scenes of conflict in Egypt and Turkey and from Dagestan, where he secured an interview with the parents of the alleged Boston bombers. CNN's Anderson Cooper 360 also won an Emmy, for Outstanding News Discussion and Analysis for "Kids On Race: The Hidden Picture," while CNN's 2012 U.S. election night coverage saw it honored with an Emmy for "Outstanding Live Coverage of a Current News Story -- Long Form." Paton Walsh's previous awards include the British Press Awards' Young Journalist of the Year in 2000 and Amnesty International's Gaby Rado Award (2006) for a reporter at the start of their career for his work in the former Soviet Union. He also won Amnesty's television award for his work in Sri Lanka in 2010, while he was working for British broadcaster Channel 4 News. Read more from Nick Paton Walsh: . Taliban tightens grip on Afghan schools . Baby survives as family dies in Syrian onslaught . Afghan-army style justice fails to win over locals . A sniper's bullet, a dying child, a family's desperation . Heart-rending choices in Syrian warzone .Daw hynny wedi iddo gael ei wahardd am fis o'i swydd fel cynghorydd yng Nghaerdydd am sylwadau y gwnaeth wrth un o swyddogion y cyngor. Dywedodd datganiad gan grŵp y blaid: "Gyda chytundeb Neil, mae grŵp Plaid Cymru wedi penderfynu y dylai gael ei wahardd dros dro o'r grŵp tra bod cytundeb ar y ffordd ymlaen yn cael ei ddarganfod yn dilyn digwyddiadau diweddar." Ychwanegodd y datganiad fod arweinydd y blaid Leanne Wood wedi cyfarfod gyda Mr McEvoy cyn i'r grŵp gyfarfod gan benderfynu tynnu'r cyfrifoldeb o fod yn llefarydd y blaid ar chwaraeon a thwristiaeth oddi wrtho. Mae ymchwiliad arall gan y blaid yn ehangach yn parhau. Mae'r Aelod Cynulliad wedi galw'r tribiwnlys wnaeth ei wahardd rhag bod yn gynghorydd am fis yn "ffars". Dywedodd y tribiwnlys fod Mr McEvoy wedi bwlio swyddog o Gyngor Caerdydd drwy fygwth diogelwch ei swydd mewn digwyddiad ym mis Gorffennaf 2015, pan oedd mewn llys yn y ddinas yn cefnogi tenant cyngor oedd yn wynebu cael ei gyrru o'i chartref. Yn dilyn ei wahardd o grŵp Plaid Cymru ddydd Mawrth, dywedodd Mr McEvoy mewn datganiad nad oedd yn ymddiheuro am ymladd achos ei etholwraig ac y byddai'n mynd â'i achos i'r Uchel Lys er mwyn dangos ei fod "yn gwneud y peth iawn". Ychwanegodd nad oedd yn gallu gwneud sylw pellach gan ei fod angen derbyn cyngor cyfreithiol a bod y gwaharddiad o'r grŵp yn un dros dro. Dywedodd cadeirydd grŵp Plaid Cymru yn y Cynulliad, Dai Lloyd AC: "Gyda chytundeb Neil, mae grŵp Plaid Cymru wedi cytuno y dylai gael ei wahardd tra'n bod ni'n dod i gytundeb ar ffordd ymlaen yn dilyn digwyddiadau diweddar. "Cyn y cyfarfod grŵp fe wnaeth arweinydd Plaid Cymru, Leanne Wood, gyfarfod Neil McEvoy a phenderfynu ei dynnu allan o'r cabinet cysgodol a chymryd ei gyfrifoldebau portffolio oddi arno." Dywedodd Mr Lloyd yn gynharach bod "proses ddeuol" yn mynd rhagddi - gydag ACau yn cwrdd gyfochr ag ymchwiliad cenedlaethol. Ychwanegodd mai cadeirydd Plaid Cymru fyddai'n gwneud y penderfyniad terfynol am ddyfodol Mr McEvoy. Yn y cyfamser, mae grŵp o ymgyrchwyr hawliau merched a merched sydd wedi gorchfygu trais yn y cartref wedi ysgrifennu at Blaid Cymru yn galw ar y blaid i adolygu ei chefnogaeth i Mr McEvoy. Mae'r rhai sydd wedi arwyddo'r ddogfen yn cynnwys Rachel Williams, llysgennad ar ran Cymorth i Ferched Cymru, ac un sydd wedi dioddef o drais yn y cartref ei hun. Galwodd y llythyr ar i Blaid Cymru i "gymryd y camau angenrheidiol (yn cynnwys gwaharddiad tra bod ymchwiliad i gwynion newydd) i sicrhau nad oes ganddo [Mr McEvoy] blatfform i ymosod ar sefyllfa fregus bresennol merched yng Nghymru". Dywedodd Ms Williams wrth BBC Cymru ei bod yn aelod o'r Blaid Lafur. Mae Mr McEvoy wedi cyhuddo Cymorth i Ferched yn y gorffennol o "gamdrin plant wedi ei ariannu gydag arian cyhoeddus". Ymddiheurodd am y sylwadau'n ddiweddarach wedi iddo dderbyn rhybudd swyddogol gan Blaid Cymru. Mewn ymateb i'r llythyr, dywedodd Mr McEvoy: "Dwi wedi brwydro'n gyson dros y gorthrymedig. Dwi'n cefnogi dynion a merched sydd wedi dioddef trais yn y cartref."A presenter on Radio Flaixbak contacted Mr Rajoy's office, pretending to work for Carles Puigdemont. He was then transferred to the PM, when a Puigdemont impersonator took over. Asked if the two could meet, Mr Rajoy agreed keenly and told the fake Catalan leader he had a "very free schedule". Mr Rajoy's Popular Party won the most seats in recent elections but fell short of a majority, leaving Spain in political limbo. Mr Rajoy and Mr Puigdemont are at odds over the future of Catalonia, with the prime minster pledging to fight for national unity and the Catalan leader wanting to secede within 18 months. The radio presenter intervened soon after Mr Rajoy told the impersonator he would call back on Monday "and we could meet 24 or 48 hours after". Learning he had been hoaxed, a disappointed-sounding Mr Rajoy said "this is not very serious". The pair thanked him for taking the joke well. The Spanish leader is not the only high-profile figure to fall for a prank phone call. In 1998, the then UK Prime Minister Tony Blair took a call from an impressionist pretending to be opposition leader William Hague. Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro in 2004 was enraged by a call from a Miami DJ pretending to be the then Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez.Lib Dem Baroness Hamwee had asked if the £1 pay rate "for people who have committed no crime" was "something that as a society we can be proud of". Baroness Williams of Trafford told the Lords the work by inmates was voluntary and was a way to "relieve boredom". She said it helped meet "recreational and intellectual" needs - and was not a scheme designed to save money. Baroness Williams, who faced jeers as she answered questions in the House of Lords, argued that any rights detainees had to work were curtailed, so their pay rights were "not the same as people who are not subject to immigration detention". Labour frontbencher Lord Rosser argued that a Freedom of Information request in May 2014 suggested that hundreds of detainees had been paid £45,438 for 44,832 hours work. "The saving of using detainees for £1 an hour, compared to paying employed staff on minimum wage, would be in the region of £300,000 a month. "Who gets the benefit of this apparently considerable saving each month by using detainees at immigration centres on just £1 an hour to do necessary work, as opposed to using employed staff on the minimum wage? Is it the government or is the firm running the centre who reap treat financial benefit?" Baroness Williams insisted the work at immigration removal centres was not about supplementing contractors, who she said were obliged to provide a minimum number of opportunities for detainees to participate voluntarily in paid activities. But after Lib Dem Lord Paddick received a similar reply, former Commons Speaker Lady Boothroyd pressed the minister: "The question that's being asked is who benefits? That was the original question and that's the question we're all waiting to hear the answer." Lady Williams replied: "Who benefits is the detainee." She said that "this money is not wages as the ordinary working population would see it", adding that the rate is "being reviewed" and a report is expected at the end of the year.The winner will be announced at the Borders Book Festival in Melrose later this year. Jo Baker, Sebastian Barry, Charlotte Hobson, Hannah Kent, Francis Spufford, Graham Swift and Rose Tremain are in the running for the Â£25,000 prize. Judges said they had extended the list to seven titles due to the "variety of the longlist". They said the seven shortlisted novels offered readers "joy in the discovery of unusual subjects and times" as well as appreciation of historical research and a "visceral connection" with their characters. The seven contenders are: A statement from the judges said: "Our shortlist was achieved by the judges' instinctive reaction to each book. "These seven wonderful books encapsulate moments in history in truly unforgettable ways, making the 2017 Walter Scott prize shortlist one to savour. "The second and final judges' meeting looks set to be as lively as the first." They will meet again to decide the winner just ahead of its announcement at the Borders Book Festival on 17 June. The Walter Scott Prize was founded in 2009 by its patrons the Duke and Duchess of Buccleuch. The winner receives Â£25,000, and shortlisted authors each receive Â£1,000.By . Hamish Mackay for MailOnline . Follow @@H_Mackay . Sam Allardyce has been through an incredible 18 strikers during his time at West Ham, that equates to one every 9.3 weeks. The remarkable statistic, discovered by Iron Views, comes in stark contrast to Sam Allardyce's consistent claims that the club are short on strikers. Despite the fact that the Hammers spent £12million on Enner Valencia, it was Carlton Cole who started against Spurs in their opening Premier League game. VIDEO Scroll down for Enner Valencia tries some tricks and flicks at the Olympic Stadium . Signing: Enner Valencia joined West Ham for £12m after impressing for Ecuador at the World Cup . Allardyce's side averaged just 1.05 goals per game in the Premier League last season - worse than a number of sides that finished below them. West Ham signed Andy Carroll for £15m last summer but the former Liverpool man missed 27 league games through injury. Hammers co-owner David Sullivan even admitted he had regretted buying him, saying: 'Had we known he would be out for this long, we would not have signed him.' Strikers in summer 2011 – Sam Baldock from MK Dons – 23 apps, 5 goals - Brian Montenegro from Deportivo Maldonado – 0 apps, 0 goals (loan)Strikers in January 2012- Joe Dixon on a free transfer (unattached) – 0 apps, 0 goalsRicardo Vaz Te from Barnsley – 48 apps, 15 goalsNicky Maynard from Bristol City – 14 apps, 2 goalsStrikers in summer 2012- Modibo Maïga from Sochaux – 31 apps, 3 goals Andy Carroll from Liverpool (loan) – 24 apps, 7 goalsStrikers in January 2013- Sean Maguire from Waterford United – 0 apps, 0 goalsMarouane Chamakh from Arsenal (loan) – 3 apps, 0 goalsWellington Paulista from Cruziero (loan) – 0 apps, 0 goalsStrikers in summer 2013 – Andy Carroll from Liverpool – 15 apps, 2 goalsMladen Petrić on a free transfer (unattached) – 3 apps, 0 goals Carlton Cole on a free transfer (unattached) – 26 apps, 6 goals (second stint)Strikers in January 2014 – Marco Borriello from Roma (loan) – 2 apps, 0 goalsJaanai Gordon from Peterborough – 0 apps, 0 goalsStrikers in summer 2014- Mauro Zárate from Valez Sersfield – 0 apps, 0 goalsEnner Valencia from Pachuca 1 app, 0 goalsDiafra Sakho from Metz – 0 apps, 0 goals . Starter: Despite splashing out on Valencia, it was Carlton Cole who started against Tottenham last weekend . Injury: Andy Carroll was unavailable for selection for most of last season due to injury . VIDEO Poor finishing cost us - Allardyce . It’s not too late to play MailOnline Fantasy Football… There’s £1,000 to be won EVERY WEEK by the highest scoring manager .(CNN) -- A body found near Lubbock, Texas, has been identified as that of a baby sitter seen in a motel surveillance video with a longtime family friend charged in the case, authorities said Wednesday. The medical examiner identified the remains found Monday about seven miles outside of the city as belonging to Elizabeth Ennen, 15. She had been strangled, Capt. Greg Stevens told CNN. Stevens told reporters that Humberto Salinas Jr., 45, was being held on a $250,000 bond on an aggravated kidnapping charge. Police are talking with the district attorney about taking a murder charge to the grand jury, he said. Elizabeth was reported missing after baby-sitting at a motel for Salinas, who was a friend of the Ennen family and the father of her boyfriend, police said. The girl did baby-sitting jobs several times for Salinas at the motel, where he lived, police said. Stevens would not say whether Salinas was cooperating, but he indicated the remains were not found by chance or through a tip. Elizabeth was reported missing January 5, and Salinas was charged in the case on Friday. Are you missing a loved one? Share your story . A relative of Salinas declined comment when contacted by CNN Wednesday. Stevens defended the time it took to conduct the investigation and arrest Salinas, saying the suspect was a family friend who deceived the family and police on the girl's whereabouts. But police believe Elizabeth was dead by the time they got a report that she was missing, Stevens said. "They [the family] trusted this guy to speak ... to the officer," said the captain, who would not comment on a possible motive. Lily Huckabee, Elizabeth's aunt, told HLN's Nancy Grace that the girl's mother, Virginia, "is holding on the best she can...." Salinas was married and "always presented himself very respectful," said Huckabee, who described Elizabeth as loving, caring, shy and interested in music. Police have a January 4 surveillance video of Elizabeth being taken from the Carriage House Inn, but they did not know of it when they began their investigation, Stevens told CNN. According to an arrest affidavit, the video shows Salinas holding the teen's arm and leaving the motel, he said. "We believe he killed her while he was gone with her," Stevens said. Salinas went to Elizabeth's home and talked with her mother early January 5, police said. He helped her file an initial report, the captain said. According to that report, Salinas said he brought Elizabeth home from the motel and went back to get her purse. When he showed up at the house, the mother asked about her daughter's whereabouts. The suspect indicated Elizabeth might have left the neighborhood with his son, believed to be 18 or 19, Stevens said. "He began misdirecting the investigation, leading it in the opposite direction of the truth," the officer said. Police initially classified the case as a runaway, but within days learned the son had a solid alibi. They began looking at the elder Salinas, who initially gave another location for the baby-sitting, said Stevens, adding police for much of the investigation believed Elizabeth had disappeared from her home. "We came around 180 degrees," said Stevens, adding an investigator suggested they check with the Carriage House Inn on possible video. Officers saw the video on the same day they arrested the suspect, police said. Stevens defended his department from criticism on the time it took to make an arrest and find the body. "These (type of cases) can often take years," he said. A candlelight vigil in Elizabeth's memory is scheduled for Thursday night at Monterey High School, where she attended, CNN affiliate KCBD in Lubbock reported. Her funeral is Friday. Diena Thompson, the mother of a girl found dead in a Georgia landfill, told HLN's Jane Velez-Mitchell she has issued financial assistance from the Somer Thompson Foundation to Elizabeth Ennen's mother. Thompson's daughter, Somer, was taken from her Florida neighborhood in October 2009. The child was raped and killed and her body left under a pile of trash. CNN's Phil Gast contributed to this report. Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN. For the latest from Nancy Grace click here.Media playback is not supported on this device Bangladesh need just 33 runs to seal their first Test win against England but have only two wickets left. "It has been a fantastic game to play in," said Broad, who took 2-26 as Bangladesh chased a victory target of 286 in their second innings. "Bangladesh have shown a huge amount of skill to get to needing 30," he added. "We have shown character to stay in this game and will come out fighting." Broad began the day with bat in hand, but was run out in the second over and England were soon bowled out for 240. The hosts replied with 253-8, with debutant Sabbir Rahman unbeaten on 59, before the umpires ended play for the day due to bad light. "I am not sure many players will get much sleep tonight," Broad told BBC Test Match Special. "Although the wicket has turned more than we expected from day one, it has been a very exciting game and both teams have played it very skilfully." The opening Test of the two-match series has already become notable for a world record number of decisions being reviewed, with 24 the current total. "It has been a really interesting Test on the review front," Broad said. "That added to the tension on the field. It has been two countries going hell for leather at each other with a lot of passion - that is what Test cricket is about. "When you get that bit of reverse as a seamer, it takes the pitch out of it. The seamers had a chat at tea and felt we could dry up the runs from one end while the spinners attack from the other. "Hopefully, tomorrow morning we will get a bit of reverse. The spinners have tended to take wickets in the morning so it is a big decision for Cooky [England captain Alastair Cook] on who will open. "It probably works in our favour. We will get some rest and come back fresher tomorrow. And a lot of wickets have fallen in the first hour of play. We are happy to take it into tomorrow." England's tour of Bangladesh concludes with the second Test, starting in Mirpur on Friday. The team then travel to India in November for a five-Test series, plus three one-day and three Twenty20 internationals.Members were balloted over job security at the university's medical school. UCU Scotland said three-quarters of those who took part in a ballot voted for strike action. A petition will also be handed in on Tuesday. The university expressed disappointment at the announcement. UCU Scotland said all four members of staff now at the centre of the dispute were of Asian ethnic origin, which the union said raised the question of whether the process had been discriminatory. A University of Aberdeen spokesman said: "We are disappointed that the UCU has decided to take strike action, and that they have chosen a date for the strikes which occurs during the student exam period. "We will not allow our students' exams to be disrupted and have made arrangements to make sure this does not occur. "Of the staff that were placed at risk of redundancy as a result of restructuring in the School of Medicine, Medical Sciences and Nutrition, the remaining four have been offered alternative employment on their current salary and grade. As a result, we no longer believe there will be a need for any compulsory redundancies. "Regarding the concerns of UCU over the process that was followed, it is important to point out that the University of Aberdeen is an equal opportunities employer and takes this responsibility very seriously."It may be banned for ordinary people in Iran, but Facebook has at least one member in the country. Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei appears to have become one of the website's newest members. Despite banning it due to its use by activists to rally government opponents in 2009, a page purporting to be for Khamenei himself launched a few days ago with the name Khamenei.ir. Ayatollah Khamenei has joined Facebook despite banning the rest of Iran from the site due to government opposition in 2009 . The 73-year-old's page displays pictures of him alongside speeches and pronouncements he has made. While there are several other Facebook pages already devoted to Khamenei, the new one - whose number of 'likes' was today close to 10,000 - appeared to be officially authorised, rather than merely the work of admirers. The page has been publicised by a Twitter account of the same name that Iran experts believe is run by Khamenei's office. Both U.S-based social media sites are blocked in Iran by a wide-reaching government censor but they are still commonly used by millions of Iranians who use special software to get around the ban. In 2009, social media were a vital tool for those Iranians who believed the re-election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was rigged. Facebook was used to help organise street protests of a scale not seen since the Islamic Revolution of 1979. The protests - which the government said were fuelled by Iran's foreign enemies - were eventually stamped out by the security forces and their political figureheads remain under house arrest. The cover photo for the supreme leader shows Khamenei being driven through the streets with hundreds of supporters surrounding his vehicle . Another picture shows Khamenei alongside Imam Kohmeini in the first days of Iran's Islamic Revolution movement . Khamenei's Facebook page has so far shared a picture of a young Khamenei alongside the founder of the Islamic Republic, Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, in the early 1960s. It shares a similar tone, style and content with accounts devoted to disseminating Khamenei's message on Twitter and Instagram and to the website www.khamenei.ir, a sophisticated official website published in 13 languages. Experts said the social media accounts showed that Iran, despite restricting access to such sites inside the country, was keen to use them to spread its world view to a global audience. 'Social media gives the regime leadership another medium of communication, one that can share their message with a younger and far more international demographic,' said Afshon Ostovar, a Middle East analyst at CNA, a U.S.-based research organisation. Iran has yet to comment on whether Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has joined Facebook or not . Iran is locked in a decade-long dispute with the West over its nuclear programme, which the U.S. and its allies suspect is aimed at developing a bomb, something Iran has repeatedly denied. Iran, the West and regional states are also often opposed on issues such as the violence raging in Syria and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Iranian authorities have said they are trying to build a national intranet, something sceptics say is a way to further control Iranians' access to the global web. Tehran tried to block Google Inc.'s email service this year but soon reopened access. Iranian authorities had no immediate comment on the site, which apparently went online last week but only recently gained prominence among social media watchers. Despite the possibility that it is a hoax, the page has generated at least 170 comments - laudatory and derogatory, and nearly all in Farsi - that highlight the deep political divisions in Iran and possibly opposition fervor from expatriate Iranians. One post compared Khamenei to a celebrated ruler of ancient Persia, Cyrus the Great, who significantly expanded the Persian empire 2,500 years ago. Another wrote: 'Mr. Khamenei, how are you visiting this page? With proxy?' It was a reference to Iran's blocking of Facebook and many other Western social media sites, and the efforts to bypass the restrictions using proxy server links from outside Iran. The U.S. State Department said Monday it will keep tabs on the page, but had no comment on whether it was genuine or not. Spokeswoman Victoria Nuland joked that Washington is curious how many 'likes' the Khamenei page receives. But much about the page - including an informal photo of Khamenei riding in a car - suggested it was not sanctioned by Iran's top leader. It is also highly unlikely that Khamenei would endorse a banned outlet such as Facebook. The Net is not unknown territory for Iranian leaders, however. Khamenei, President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and others have official websites. Also, some senior Iranian clerics issue religious opinions by email.By . James Tozer . PUBLISHED: . 05:07 EST, 3 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 03:32 EST, 4 November 2013 . Two teenage girls knocked down and killed by a car in the early hours of yesterday may have been murdered. Jasmine Allsop, 14, and her friend Olivia Lewry, 16, were hit yards from the younger girl’s family home, apparently after attending a party. Police were yesterday questioning a 20-year-old man, who is understood to have known both girls, on suspicion of their murder. Friends: The girls, named locally as Olivia Lewry (left) and Jasmine Allsop (right), were hit by a car in Gosport . The girls were hit by the Honda Civic . around 20 yards from the terraced house in Gosport, Hampshire, as they . walked home at about 4.15am. Jasmine – known as Jas – died at the scene, while Olivia was taken to hospital with severe injuries but died later yesterday. Friends . and neighbours gathered yesterday near the scene of the tragedy to . mourn the pair. Jazmine Bates, 16, said: ‘They were lovely, bubbly girls . and everyone around here knew them. ‘They . were best friends and were always together. It’s so sad. Everyone is . shocked and I don’t think anyone can believe what has happened. ‘They . were good girls and easy to get along with. They didn’t have any . enemies. They were loved by everyone. ‘There will be a lot of tears.’ Sasha Ewing, also 16, said: ‘They were happy girls who were always out with mates and having a good time. Flowers have been left at the scene where two girls were killed in Gosport . Forensic officers gather evidence at the scene in Gosport where two girls were killed . Forensic officers close off the road where two teenagers were mowed down . Forensic officers bag up evidence after two teenage girls were killed in Gosport . Police officers put up a sign urging people to come forward if they have any information about the deaths . Police officers at the scene in Ann's Hill Road in Gosport where a teenager died . ‘It’s . such a shock - one minute they were here and now they are not.’ Blonde-haired Jasmine attended Brune Park Community School in Gosport, . while Olivia had recently started studying for her A-Levels at St . Vincent College in the coastal town. Damien . Bannon, 19, who knew both girls, said: ‘I believe the girls had been to . a party and were standing outside the house talking when the car hit . them. The driver was a friend of theirs. ‘I still can’t believe it. It’s . such a tragedy.’ Mr Bannon, . a decorator, said Jasmine’s older brother Reece was ‘distraught and . angry’ at her death. ‘He was very fond and protective of his little . sister,’ he added. Arron . O’Sullivan, 28, said: ‘This is such a tragic waste of young lives, . especially so close to Christmas. I’m still shaking because of the . shock.’ Schoolfriends who . asked not to be named described the girls as ‘bubbly, outgoing, and . extremely popular.’ One said: ‘They loved being the centre of attention . and were very sociable. They were always listening to popular chart . music or dubstep.’ Meanwhile devastated neighbours laid flowers at the scene and spoke of their shock. Investigation: Police seal off Anne's Hill Road where two teenagers were hit by a car . A 20-year-old man from the Gosport area was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving . Police gather evidence at the scene where two girls were killed . A . message on one bunch said: ‘In love and memory of Olivia and Jaz. Thinking of you. Lots of love Regan, Taylor, Kayleigh and Tom.’ Family . friend Victoria Berry, 45, who lived opposite Jasmine’s former Gosport . address, described the teenager as an ‘absolutely gorgeous girl’. She . added: ‘What has happened to her and her friend is an absolute tragedy . and a huge loss to all that knew and loved her. ‘It’s hard to believe that I’ll never see her again.’ On . Facebook, Chelsea-Lee Evans wrote: ‘I can’t imagine how hard it is for . all of your family and friends. I love you both and R.I.P my angels.’ Tara Hebberd posted: ‘2 beautiful girls have lost their lives. R.I.P Jas and Olivia sleep tight.’ Forensic officers have been at the scene gathering evidence where the two girls were hit . The . street was cordoned off by police yesterday as scene of crime officers . in white overalls examined the scene, marked with yellow and red cones. Detective . Superintendent Dick Pearson, from Hampshire Constabulary, said: ‘This . is an extremely tragic incident which has resulted in the death of two . young girls. ‘I currently . have a team of detectives and other officers, including expert road . collision investigators, working on this case to fully investigate the . circumstances surrounding the deaths of these two teenage girls. ‘I would appeal to anyone who knows anything which could help this murder investigation to contact my team as soon as possible.’ Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons.Once again, this was a Liverpool performance that lacked conviction. Once again, this was a Liverpool performance that made you wonder just what their defensive training entails at their Melwood training ground. Once again, this was a Liverpool performance that posed more questions than answers for their manager Brendan Rodgers. At half-time, Liverpool had seemed well on their way to a third win in a row and although this particular showing remained lightyears away from the dynamic and eminently watchable performances of last season, it would have taken them only five points behind Manchester United and within touching distance of the top four. Rodgers’ side, however, do not resemble a team capable of challenging for Champions League football, despite the best efforts of Arsenal and Manchester United to invite them back into the race. VIDEO Scroll down for Sportsmail's Big Match Stats . Leicester City's Jeffrey Schlupp celebrates after scoring the goal to make it 2-2 against Liverpool at Anfield . Schlupp strikes the ball past Simon Mignolet on the hour mark to equalise for Leicester . It is a measure of Liverpool’s difficulties this season that a victory here - following successes over Burnley, Swansea City - would have represented their longest winning sequence in the Barclays Premier League this season. In truth, they were lucky to escape from this game with a point. Leicester hit the post inside the opening exchanges when Simon Mignolet was caught cold and a Riyad Mahrez free-kick cannoned off the inside of the post. Liverpool failed to heed the warning. Further chances passed Leicester by before their hosts were granted the initiative by a referee decision that Gary Lineker described as the ‘worst ever’ on Twitter. Certainly, Wes Morgan did not help his cause by sliding in, arms outstretched and flailing like an octopus but it did strike his head and Leicester have justification to be aggrieved. For a while, there were signs that Liverpool were discovering the zest and rhythm of happier days, particularly in the speed and skill of Raheem Sterling and Coutinho. They remain the two Liverpool players most eminently capable of raising this Liverpool team when they feel the need. It was this combination that combined so beautifully to slice open the first goal, as Coutinho received the ball on the half-turn, pirouetting into space and zipping a reverse ball into the run of Sterling. Brendan Rodgers watches on as his Liverpool side squander a 2-0 lead at home to basement boys Leicester . Steven Gerrard had put Liverpool 2-0 up after scoring two penalties in the first half of the match . Gerrard slots home to score the second of his first-half penalties to double Liverpool's lead at Anfield . Reds captain Gerrard (right) pumps his fists after scoring the first goal of the game on New Year's Day . Leicester City's Danny Simpson (centre) protests his innocence after the referee awards Liverpool a penalty . With the score at 0-0, Leicester captain Wes Morgan (left) concedes a penalty from Raheem Sterling's cross . The Leicester players argue with referee Mike Jones after his decision to award Liverpool their first penalty . David Nugent gives a thumbs up to the away fans after pulling one back for Leicester in the second half . After the second penalty, we wondered briefly whether Liveprool may steam into overdrive. There was one wonderful effort from Jordan Henderson who arrowed a volley inches past the juncture of post and bar, almost replicating the Paul Scholes effort at Bradford City all those years. In the second half, however, all that momentum dissipated. The vulnerabilities of the 3-5-2 system were exposed by a direct Leicester outfit. Gaps appeared between the defence and midfield, defenders backed off as Gerrard and Lucas were caught too high up the pitch. At 2-2, Liverpool were the side that appeared edgy, short on confidence and unable to seize the initiative. There was a telling moment when Steven Gerrard had possession on the right flank and with those in front of him stood like statues, he gestured furiously for some movement. A familiar groan rang out from those fans around the Press box. They have seen this ordinary level of performance far too often this season. Nugent takes the ball back to the halfway line as Leicester looked to level things at Anfield .By . Damien Gayle . Tragic: Kamaljit Sidhu leapt from a motorway bridge after her former partner put her through an ordeal of stalking and harassment, a court heard . The mother of a woman who leapt from a motorway bridge has condemned her daughter's stalking ex-lover for 'putting her through hell'. Ryan Dey, 23, refused to accept that Kamaljit Sidhu wanted to end their 18-month relationship and made threats towards her and her friends. He was arrested soon after Miss Sidhu jumped from a bridge over the M6 last autumn, and today he was jailed for two years after admitting stalking the 29-year-old. Passing sentence, a judge told how Dey had threatened to tell Miss Sidhu's family she had an abortion and that he had once beaten her up. Miss Sidhu's grieving mother Sarbjit Sidhu said 'evil' Dey put her daughter through an ordeal of 'control and abuse' in the weeks before she fell to her death. 'Does Ryan Dey really realise the damage he has inflicted on my beloved Kam, me and my family?' she asked in a statement released after the hearing today. 'We will never forget our baby Kam, I was unable to see her for the last time when she was put to rest and that has been difficult to deal with. 'Ryan Dey is evil, he is a bully and a coward and had put my daughter through hell with his control and abuse and will never be forgiven for what he has caused. 'As a mother and a family we want the world to know this can never be allowed to happen again, I do not want anyone else to go through what we have. Our lives have stopped and we can't breathe.' She added: 'The police asked is there anything we can do, Mrs Sidhu, and my only answer to them was can you please give me my daughter back, we really miss her, her death has left a big hole in our lives.' Miss Sidhu, who was known to loved ones as Kammi, leapt to her death last October from a bridge over the M6 near to Great Barr in the West Midlands, where she lived with her family. In the weeks leading up to her death, Birmingham Crown Court heard, she had been hounded by Dey, a lorry driver from Oldbury, who had refused to accept that she had put an end to their relationship. He made threats towards her, contacted her friends and had searched various locations in Birmingham, where she worked, trying to find her. She went on to make comments on social media telling friends that she was afraid of Dey in the lead up to her death. 'He put my daughter through hell': Ryan Dey, left, was arrested soon after Miss Sidhu, right, jumped from a bridge over the M6 last autumn, and today he was jailed for two years after admitting stalking the 29-year-old . Judge Michael Chambers said: 'You had been in a relationship with Kam for the previous 18 months notwithstanding the other relationship you were in. 'You did not like her seeing or socialising with anybody else. You did not even like it when she was seeing friends in her own home. 'She sought to end the relationship but instead of accepting it you started persistently harassing her. 'It led her to becoming very frightened. You even hacked into her Facebook system and sent messages to her friends pretending to be her. 'She was living at home with her parents and you called their land line at all times of night and day. You repeatedly went to the address and waited outside.' The court heard that on the night before Miss Sidhu's death, she had been out at a bar with friends following a job interview in Birmingham. But her 'demeanour changed dramatically' when she spotted Dey in the same bar with two men, leading her to drop down on all fours and hide from him. 'She continued the evening with her friends and she ended up on motorway bridge having been drinking,' the judge said. 'A message was written by her on a moisturiser bottle and said: "I loved you all. I just got weak. Sorry."' Afraid: The court heard that on the night before Miss Sidhu's death, she had been out with friends in Birmingham. When Dey arrived at the bar with two men she dropped down on all fours to hide from him . Miss Sidhu jumped to her death at 4.30am on October 25, hours after the incident in the bar. 'I'm satisfied that you did or said something to her that made her very frightened,' said Judge Chambers. 'Coupled with the background plus whatever had caused her to be so frightened of her significant factor which caused her to fall off that bridge. 'I'm satisfied she did take her life and you were a factor in that. 'What you did or communicate will never be known but from police interviews we know you threatened you would disclose to her family she had had an abortion and at least on one occasion you had beaten her up. 'She was a much loved and liked young woman with her life before her. Those close to her should understand any sentence does not reflect or measure the loss of a loved one.' Dey was arrested a month after Miss Sidhu's death and charged with harrassment and stalking. Prosecutor Peter Grieves-Smith told the court that on the night she spotted him while out drinking in Birmingham she had already told her parents that he had been in touch with her and that if he called the house not to tell him where she was. Dey began calling the Sidhus repeatedly, leading them to disconnect their phone. 'They did not wish to speak to him,' the prosecutor said. 'But the effects of that meant when the victim tried to call her parents later that night she couldn't get through.' 'Much loved and liked': The court heard that Dey repeatedly hacked into Miss Sidhu's Facebook account, sending abusive messages to her friends . Friends who were out with Miss Sidhu that evening got the impression that she was on edge, said Mr Grieves-Smith. 'The effect of what he did by coming to the bar that night was that she was terrified. The victim continued to hide and eventually she returned looking distressed,' he said. 'That night she left the bar after she was satisfied he was gone and she was given a lift by a friend. It was not long after she was dropped off she fell from the motorway bridge. 'Something had occurred to make her manifestly scared. We might never know what that was.' The court heard Dey sent a string of threatening messages to Miss Sidhu on Facebook just hours before she died. Mr Grieves-Smith added: 'It was clear that one of the Facebook entries from the defendant at 1.30am that night said "I'm going to f*** you up". 'He repeatedly hacked into her Facebook account and could see who she was communicating with and what she was doing. 'A Facebook message on October 23 at 6.21am from the victim's account to a friend asked "What do you think about orgies and threesomes". 'The message had been sent from the defendant who had hacked into the account. 'The victim's friend told police the defendant had said "You stupid bitch I will tell your family all of the f***ed up shit you have done." 'He also took her mobile phone and the purpose of doing so was control. 'Bit by bit it as time proceeded it got worse and had led to the moment of the early hours of October 25 when she died.' Dey was sentenced to two years in prison at Birmingham Crown Court after avoiding a trial by admitting stalking and causing serious alarm or distress at a hearing last month. Following the sentencing today, detective chief inspector Kim Madill, from West Midlands Police Public Protection Unit, said: 'This has been a difficult, challenging and deeply upsetting case to investigate for all concerned. 'The investigation team has worked tirelessly to try and find some justice for Kamaljit and her family, following her tragic and untimely death. 'One can only imagine the fear and torment that Dey must have put her through to take such a course of action. 'Even though this conviction cannot bring Kamaljit back, hopefully the fact that Dey has admitted his crimes and is now facing a spell in prison will come as some comfort to her grieving family.'For Luis Figo, Monday’s Ballon d’Or announcement is a straight fight between Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi – but there’s only one winner. The former Portugal international, who played for both Real Madrid and Barcelona, says his fellow countryman Ronaldo ‘has to’ retain his crown. And, rather amusingly, Figo claims the pair are the ‘truffles and caviar’ of world football. Cristiano Ronaldo should win the Ballon d'Or for a second year running, according to Luis Figo . Former Portugal international Figo says Ronaldo and Lionel Messi are the 'truffles and caviar' of world football . Messi has won the Ballon d'Or four times out of the last five years for his performances for Barcelona . Messi was in fine form and on the scoresheet as Barcelona beat Elche 5-0 in the Copa del Rey on Thursday . Ronaldo, whose goals last season fired Real to a first Champions League title since 2002, is the favourite to beat both Messi and World Cup winner Manuel Neuer. ‘It's hard to choose between truffles and caviar, but for me it has to be Cristiano. He’s had a fantastic year all the way through for Real,’ Figo said. Neuer – the sweeper goalkeeper to have captured the imagination long before the summer tournament in Brazil – would become the first stopper to claim the prize since Lev Yashin 52 years ago. And while Figo is insistent Ronaldo will take the gong, he does understand the clamour for Neuer. ‘I know Germany won the World Cup and I understand there are those who think Neuer, who is such a great keeper and was a big part of their success, should win it,’ he added. Figo says he understands why there is a clamour for Bayern Munich goalkeeper Manuel Neuer to win . Germany goalkeeper Neuer (left) celebrates winning the World Cup with Bastian Schweinsteiger last year . Neuer saves a shot from France striker Karim Benzema during the World Cup in Brazil last summer . Messi will be there without the Barcelona president Josep Bartomeu, who is to boycott the ceremony in protest at the transfer ban imposed upon the club by FIFA. The Catalans are not allowed to make any signings in the next two transfer windows because of a breach of rules relating to the signing of international players under the age of 18. 'FIFA has not told us who made the original charge and during the period of the sanction we will not maintain any institutional relations with them,' Bartomeu said. 'I have sent a stern letter to Sepp Blatter and I will not be attending the FIFA Ballon d'Or gala set for January 12.' Barcelona president Josep Bartomeu will not attend the ceremony after being slapped with a transfer ban . Luis Figo was speaking at the launch of his new social media platform 'Network 90'.The Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme, set up in 2012 by the now First Minister and DUP leader Arlene Foster, is set to run £490m over its budget. The motion, proposed by former DUP councillor Ruth Patterson, was passed by 23 votes in favour to 12 against. The UK government has already rejected an Alliance call for a public inquiry. The Treasury has refused to cover the RHI overspend and it will have to be paid from the block grant that Northern Ireland receives from Westminster. Mrs Patterson, who was expelled from the DUP in 2015, asked her fellow councillors to note the "serious public concern amongst our constituents in relation to financial squander" over the RHI scheme. Now an independent councillor, she proposed that Belfast City Council writes to Secretary of State James Brokenshire to request a public inquiry. "The secretary of state has a public responsibility to initiate an inquiry regarding this," Mrs Patterson said. "I certainly think he will listen to Belfast City Council - we are elected by the people and we certainly need to have our say in this. We are the closest, on the ground, to the people of Northern Ireland, right across the province, and everyone is talking about the same issue." A government spokesman said it is up to the Northern Ireland Executive to decide on what form of investigation is carried out. Mrs Patterson's motion also called on her former party leader Mrs Foster to "step aside" during the inquiry. DUP councillor Lee Reynolds said the outcome of the vote was "predictable" and accused other parties of playing political "games". "They're not interested in solving the problems with RHI, which we should be trying to move forward," Mr Reynolds told BBC News NI. "They're not interested in getting towards an independent investigation, they're just trying to find ways of having a go at the DUP and trying to undermine the First Minister Arlene Foster." Eighteen councillors abstained from taking part in the vote. Sinn Féin attempted to amend Mrs Patterson's motion, this time calling not for a full public inquiry, but for an independent investigation led by a judicial figure from outside Northern Ireland, but their amendment did not attract enough support. "We think the public want the truth, but they also want the truth as quickly as possible," said Sinn Féin councillor Jim McVeigh. "They don't want to wait a year, or two years, like some of these public inquiries can take, so we think the best way to do this is a robust, transparent investigation that will get to the truth quickly." The Ulster Unionist Party also proposed an amendment that called on Mrs Foster to resign, but it too failed. Earlier on Tuesday, it was reported that the UK government has already rejected a request from Alliance Party leader Naomi Long to hold a public inquiry into the RHI scandal. Mrs Long had written to both Mr Brokenshire and the Chief Secretary to the Treasury David Gauke to ask for their intervention. A government spokesman said: "The operation of the RHI scheme is a matter for the Northern Ireland Executive. So it is right for the executive and the assembly to decide the form of any investigation or inquiry." Mrs Foster has resisted calls for a public inquiry and for her to temporarily step aside while the matter is investigated. The matter has caused a rift at the heart of the Stormont administration, with Sinn Féin threatening to call a fresh election if the first minister does not stand aside for an investigation.Jay Brenton Liptrot, 43, owned the property in Prestatyn, Denbighshire, where five people died in October 2012. Lee-Ann Shiers, 20, her partner Liam Timbrell, 23, their son Charlie, 15 months, Ms Shiers' nephew Bailey, four, and niece Skye, two, died in the fire. Mr Liptrot, of Prestatyn, did not enter a plea when he appeared at the town's magistrates' court on Friday. Melanie Smith has already been jailed for at least 30 years for five counts of murder after starting the fire in a row over a shared hallway. Mr Liptrot will appear at Mold Crown Court in May.(CNN) -- The search for an American -- whose wife says he was shot on a lake that straddles the U.S.-Mexican border -- has been suspended, a Mexican official said Friday. David Hartley was reportedly shot to death September 30 by gunmen investigators believe are linked to a Mexican drug gang. At present, there are no Mexican agencies actively searching Falcon Lake for Hartley. But the mother of Tiffany Hartley -- the woman who says her husband was shot -- says she's "hopeful that they'll restart on Monday," after meeting with Mexican officials on Friday. Cynthia Young, Tiffany's mother, said said that she, her daughter and Tiffany's dad met with Mexican and American officials for about 8 hours on Friday. Young would not specify which officials attended the meeting but said the family was told that the Mexican government was "restrategizing" how it is handling the search for Hartley's body. Young said that the day mostly entailed Tiffany refiling a witness statement with Mexican officials, recounting what happened on the day she said he was killed. Young said the meeting occurred in McAllen, Texas, where Tiffany and her husband had recently relocated. Earlier in the day, Tamaulipas state attorney general spokesman Ruben Dario Rios explained the decision to halt the search. "Our investigators have taken a temporary recess so that we can better assess the strategies we are using to find the body. We are currently considering other approaches to our search," he said. The search was suspended on Thursday. Responding to local reports that it may have been threats of imminent gun battles by the Los Zetas cartel that led to Mexican officials to suspend the search, Dario Rios said, "Negative." "We have no official information of threats on our investigators." Tiffany's mother said that "we're very disappointed" in the development. "The longer this goes the less chance there is of finding David," she said. Tiffany Hartley told authorities the couple was on a sightseeing trip on Falcon Lake, a reservoir on the Rio Grande. She believes the attackers may still have her husband's body. Dario Rios said earlier Friday taht Tiffany Hartley has not responded to the attorney general's formal request for more information about the incident. "We still have not spoken to her," he said. Young had said her daughter is willing to meet with Mexican authorities on her terms and on U.S. soil, not in Mexico. Tamaulipas state governor Eugenio Hernandez Flores, in Washington for annual meetings on Mexican-U.S. partnerships, was scheduled to meet with FBI officials during his visit Friday to pledge cooperation as authorities look into the matter. He told CNN that Mexican police had deployed dozens of searchers but have found neither a body nor a jet ski. Tiffany said she met with the lead Mexican investigator in the death of her husband days before the police officer was killed and his severed head delivered to authorities in a suitcase. U.S. and Mexican authorities vowed the search for Hartley's husband would continue despite the investigator's slaying on Tuesday. "I met him. He sat right next to me," Hartley said, referring to Mexican state official Rolando Armando Flores Villegas. Her remarks aired on CNN's "American Morning" Thursday. "We talked through a translator and he just seemed like a really good guy who really wanted to just do good for -- you know, his country," Hartley said. Hartley said she wonders if the death of the lead Mexican investigator will hamper the search for her husband. "It definitely makes me worried that nobody is going to want to take over," she said. On Thursday, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the United States is doing everything it can to find Hartley and told ABC's "Good Morning America" that she is "sickened" by the case. "I hope that we can [find him]," said Clinton. "I mean, the beheaded body of the brave Mexican investigator that just showed up shows what we're dealing with." She said the United States is "supporting local law enforcement, supporting the authorities on the border, doing everything that we know to do to try to assist in helping to find the body and helping to find the perpetrators." A report issued by a Texas-based think tank suggested Thursday that Hartley's death may have stemmed from a case of mistaken identity in the ongoing war between two Mexican drug cartels. The Stratfor report, which cites anonymous sources, noted that Hartley worked for an oil and gas company with operations in Reynosa, Mexico. The couple had lived there for two years and had only moved to McAllen within the past few months, the report said. The truck they drove to Falcon Lake on September 30 still had a license plate from Mexico's Tamaulipas state. The couple drove their personal watercraft to the Old Guerrero area of the lake, which the report said is a "known battleground in the ongoing war in the Los Zetas and Gulf cartels." The sources told Stratfor both cartels have been known to conduct surveillance and countersurveillance operations on personal watercraft, so Zetas scouts identified them as possible Gulf spies, because of their license plate and their method and direction of travel on Falcon Lake. They were then apparently confronted by "Zetas enforcers," Stratfor said. The sources told Stratfor the attack was unauthorized by senior Los Zetas members and "a damage control campaign is currently under way ... to identify and eliminate those who engaged the Hartleys without proper authorization." Protocol involves prompt disposition of a body to ensure no evidence can be brought against the group, the report said. Sources said that "once Hartley was identified as an American, his body was destroyed the same day as the incident to prevent a backlash from the U.S. government against the group," Stratfor said. "With the heavy diplomatic and public pressure on both U.S. and Mexican authorities to find David Hartley's remains in the investigation, the decapitation of Flores Villegas was a stern signal to both the United States and Mexico that no body will be produced and to leave the situation alone." Falcon Lake is about 70 miles west of the Hartleys' home in McAllen. CNN's Ed Lavandera, Eric Fiegel and Nick Valencia contributed to this report.Tasered teen: Bryce Masters isno longer in a medically induced coma and is speaking with family members . The Missouri police officer who used a stun gun on a 17-year-old during a traffic stop says he smelled marijuana in the vehicle and saw him recording the incident on an iPhone. Bryce Masters has been upgraded from critical to serious condition at a hospital where he was taken Sunday after the Independence police officer used a Taser on him. A spokesman for Masters' family says he went into cardiac arrest and was being treated for a lack of oxygen to his brain. According to a search warrant application, the officer smelled marijuana inside the car. Police said they later found drug paraphernalia. Police say Masters was pulled over because of a warrant attached to the license plate of the vehicle and was combative when ordered to get out. The Kansas City Star reports Masters began slowly recovering overnight Wednesday. Family attorney Daniel Haus characterized the recovery as a miracle. Masters' family has said his heart stopped after he was shocked with the stun gun during a traffic stop on Sunday in Independence. Bryce suffered some memory loss and doctors do not yet know what the long term affects will be. Police say he was combative and wouldn't comply with the officer's demands. They say he was pulled over because of a warrant associated with the license plate on the car, which belonged to someone else. 'They are seeing some signals that their son may make a fairly remarkable recovery, basically coming back from the dead,' Haus told the Kansas City Star.'It looks like whatever the doctors did with this medically induced coma, this new procedure where they lower the body temperature, was exactly what he needed,' Haus added. The FBI is investigating after a police officer used a stun gun to subdue Bryce Masters in suburban Kansas City, Missouri, on Sunday afternoon after stopping a car he was driving because it had a warrant attached to it. The officer, identified by the police department as Tim Runnels, has been placed on administrative leave. An eyewitness filmed the incident on her cell phone. In the footage you can see the officer dragging the Bryce's body to the sidewalk, then standing with his foot on the teen's back (ringed) Police said in the statement that Bryce became uncooperative and physically resisted getting out of the car, prompting Runnels to warn Bryce he would use a stun gun. Police said the stun gun was used on Bryce while he was still in the car but he was able to get out of the car on his own. The confrontation continued outside the car and both Bryce and Runnels fell to the ground. The teen then suffered a 'medical emergency' and needed resuscitation, prompting a call for an ambulance, police said. But eyewitnesses gave a different account to Fox4KC. Michelle Baker filmed the incident on her mobile phone when she heard screams outside and says she saw the Runnels Taser the teen when he was inside his car. In a cell phone video taken by Baker you can see the officer dragging the teen's body to the sidewalk, then standing with his foot on the teen's back. You could tell the kid was going into convulsions. 'He turned him over and his head was dangling like this and he had blood coming out,' said Baker. Curtis Martes, 17, says the teen was coming over to play XBox with him. 'I hear him say from my porch he's like 'I can't roll down my window it's broke,' said Martes. 'He was like 'what am I being arrested for?' The cop just grabbed him and said 'you're under arrest,' said Martes. The officer, identified by the police department as Tim Runnels, has been placed on administrative leave. The footage, shot on Sunday, shows him walking up to the Bryce's body (left) and stepping over it right) He is then (pictured) seen raising his foot as Master lies on the ground. 'He like threw him on the ground busted his face up. He kept like nudging him with his foot,' said Curtis Martes, 17, who watched the event unfold . He said the officer Tasered the teen then pulled him out of the car. 'He like threw him on the ground busted his face up. He kept like nudging him with his foot,' said Martes. 'Several times, the cop put his foot on the kid like he was stepping on his neck, but it was on his back,' said Robert Baker, who lives nearby told The Kansas City Star. 'I think (the officer) was wrong, because the kid tried to explain to him that his window won't roll down.' The FBI's Kansas City office will investigate whether Runnels used excessive force, which falls under the bureau's civil rights program, the FBI said in a statement. Independence police pledged to cooperate with the investigation. Masters is the son of a Kansas City police officer. Bryce Masters with his mother. The family issued a statement Monday asking that the U.S. Department of Justice investigate the confrontation . The FBI's Kansas City office will investigate whether Runnels used excessive force, which falls under the bureau's civil rights program, the FBI said in a statement . 'We would conduct a thorough investigation, regardless of who the parents are,' Independence police Maj. Paul Thurman said. Colin Masters, Bryce's brother, told 41 Action News the teen may have stopped breathing for more than five minutes. 'We've been getting a lot of support from friends and family,' Colin explained. 'He had probably 30-40 people at the hospital with him yesterday so everyone's banking on Bryce being the strong kid that he is and coming back to us. Eyewitnesses gave a different account to that of the police. Pictured: Michelle Baker filmed the incident on her mobile phone (left) and Curtis Martes, 17, (right) says the teen was coming over to play XBox with him . The door is seen open on the car that Bryce was driving when he was Tasered on Sunday . The family issued a statement Monday asking that the U.S. Department of Justice investigate the confrontation 'because of significant inconsistencies between public statements made by the Independence Police Department and information made available to the family in the form of statements of eyewitnesses and video and audio footage of the occurrence.' The family's attorney, Daniel J. Haus, said they would have no further comment until the federal investigation is complete.By . Glen Owen . PUBLISHED: . 17:39 EST, 18 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 18:47 EST, 18 January 2014 . Unite's Len McCluskey attended a meeting where NHS 'leverage' campaign was allegedly proposed . Doctors have reacted with anger after leaked documents revealed plans by union militants to intimidate GPs over health reforms. Unite's 'leverage team' – the dirty tricks unit which bullied managers and their families during last year’s Grangemouth oil refinery dispute in Scotland – intends to deploy the same tactics against doctors involved in 'privatising' the NHS. At a recent Unite executive meeting attended by controversial general secretary ‘red’ Len McCluskey, there was a proposal that ‘the next comprehensive leverage campaign will be focused on [the] defence of the National Health Service’. According to leaked minutes, the leverage team suggested taking action at a ‘local level’ by using ‘direct intervention to... target private health care companies and commissioning bodies’. Under the Government’s health reforms, the bodies, partly staffed by GPs, are responsible for putting local medical contracts out to tender – and are therefore seen by Left-wing opponents as being in the vanguard of privatisation. During the Grangemouth dispute last autumn, the sinister leverage unit – staffed by campaigners who describe themselves as ‘industrial terrorists’ – personally targeted executives of the Ineos chemical company which owns the plant by sending mobs of protesters to their homes. One director embroiled in the row over pay and conditions said he had feared for the safety of his wife and two young children after 30 Unite activists descended on his drive during the school holidays and told his neighbours that he was 'evil'. And the daughter of another company boss had 'Wanted' posters denouncing her father posted through her front door in Hampshire. During the Grangemouth dispute (pictured) the sinister leverage unit personally targeted executives of the Ineos chemical company which owns the plant by sending mobs of protesters to their homes . Last night, Tory Health Minister Dan Poulter condemned Unite’s plan, saying: 'We take threats to doctors and nurses very seriously.' 'Unite may have walked all over Ed Miliband and taken over the Labour Party, but we will not let them do that to our NHS.' Leading GP Michael Dixon, the president of NHS Clinical Commissioners, said: 'This plan is deeply worrying. It will be the patients who suffer from attempts to intimidate hard-working doctors.' 'Nobody deserves to be threatened just for trying to improve patient care.' Last night, a Unite spokeswoman said that while the executive had discussed the plan, it was 'just a proposal. She added that defending the NHS from the 'savagery' of the Government was 'one of the most serious issues facing the country'.The incident happened at the Aberdeen Sea Cadets base at Pocra Quay. Police Scotland had described it as a "disgraceful incident". Police said a 34-year old man was expected to appear at Aberdeen Sheriff Court, but the Crown Office later said he was freed from custody pending further inquiries.Hess's bones were exhumed at the graveyard in the town of Wunsiedel, southern Germany, early on Wednesday. The remains were later cremated and are to be scattered at sea. Hess was captured after flying to Britain in 1941 and sentenced to life in prison. He killed himself in a Berlin jail in 1987 at the age of 93. As he requested in his will, he was buried in the small Bavarian town of Wunsiedel, where his family had a holiday home and where his parents were already interred. The local Lutheran church which supervises the cemetery gave its permission for the burial at the time, ruling that the wishes of the deceased could not be ignored. But they and local people have since become concerned by the number of far-right groups visiting the grave. Each year on the anniversary of his death, neo-Nazis have attempted to stage a march to the cemetery, saluting the grave with its epitaph "I dared", and laying floral wreaths. The enduring myth of Rudolf Hess A member of the church council, Hans-Juergen Buchta, told the Associated Press news agency: "The whole town was shut down and in turmoil and there was a huge police presence. We here at the graveyard were not always able to cope." A 2005 court order banning such gatherings had little effect so the church decided to terminate the family's lease on the grave as of October 2011. A granddaughter of Hess objected to the decision and filed a lawsuit in an attempt to prevent it going ahead, but was eventually persuaded by the parish council to drop the case and allow the exhumation to go ahead. Roland Schoeffel, the deputy mayor of Wunsiedel, told AFP news agency that the monument had been razed "in an operation not open to the public". Cemetery administrator Andreas Fabel told AP news agency on Thursday: "The grave is now empty. The bones are gone." One resident, named as Mrs Koenig, said: "Perhaps we will now have some peace when he is gone. Perhaps they won't come any more, which is what Wunsiedel wants." Charlotte Knobloch, the head of the Jewish community in Munich and Upper Bavaria, welcomed the move. "For decades this town and its inhabitants were terrorised by far-right extremists from all over the world," she is quoted as saying by AFP. Hess was one of Hitler's closest aides. But in 1941 he made a solo flight to Scotland, where his plane crash-landed, in an apparently unauthorised peace mission which was denounced by the fuhrer. He was imprisoned by the British for the duration of the war. At the Nuremberg Trials in 1946, Hess was cleared of war crimes and crimes against humanity but convicted of crimes against peace and jailed for life. He spent 40 years in Spandau Prison in Berlin. He was the last remaining inmate at the prison when he was found hanged there in August 1987.Sisters Amanda, left, and Sara Eldritch are featured in a 2016 Littleton Adventist Hospital publication. Their bodies were found Friday near the Royal Gorge Bridge and Park. (Littleton Adventist Hospital / Courtesy Photo) Twin sisters who gained fame after becoming the first people in Colorado to receive a pioneering surgery for obsessive compulsive disorder were found dead with gunshot wounds in Cañon City, the Fremont County Sheriff's Office confirmed Monday. Sisters Amanda and Sara Eldritch were found Friday in a vehicle parked near a rest area at the Royal Gorge Bridge and Park. They were 33 years old. The sisters, who lived in Broomfield, were the first people in Colorado to receive deep brain stimulation — a surgery commonly used for patients with Parkinson's disease — to treat their often-debilitating symptoms of OCD. In a spring 2016 publication printed by Littleton Adventist Hospital, where they received the surgery, the twins said they began to feel at peace with their existence after receiving the treatment in spring 2015. One year after the treatment, Sara Eldritch told the hospital, "I feel like I can identify my anxiety. I can actually see where it's coming from. And I feel like I can deal with it." But before the surgery, the story said, "they felt at war with their own existence. And in a desperate cry for help as adolescents, they tried taking their own lives." Advertisement For the sisters, coping with the disorder meant living with compulsions, such as taking 10-hour showers, 20-minute hand-washings and using dozens of bottles of rubbing alcohol to disinfect everything they touched. For many patients with OCD, according to the hospital, unwanted thoughts become unavoidable, causing them to act on compulsions. The deep brain stimulation was intended to inhibit overactive parts of the brain, halting anxiety and making therapy more effective. As part of the procedure, a surgeon, Dr. David VanSickle, placed electrodes on specific areas of their brains, with electrode wires under the skin of their heads, neck and shoulder. The wires were then connected to a battery pack inserted into their chests. In programming appointments, doctors ensured that their brains received enough stimulation. One year after the surgery, the spring 2016 publication said, the twins began finding "hope and joy in simple things like taking a morning walk — something they hadn't done in more than a decade." And one year after the publication was printed, the twins were featured on an episode of the TV show, "The Doctors," where they were taken for spa treatments separately from each other to "help them break through their codependency," the show's website said. The sisters also spent the night in two separate hotels as part of the show, where they found struggles but made it through the night, it said. "I did kind of like the contrast of, this is what it's like to be alone, and this is what it's like to be back with my sister and friends," Amanda Eldritch said at the time. "I like having two things to compare." The sheriff's office said in a news release that no other information is available at this time. Sara Knuth: 719-276-7644, knuths@canoncitydailyrecord.com ||||| Twin sisters - the first in Colorado to receive a pioneering surgery to treat their obsessive compulsive disorder - were found fatally shot Friday in a vehicle near Royal Gorge Bridge and Park, the Fremont County Sheriff's Office said. Sara and Amanda Eldritch, 33, of Broomfield, appear to have died in a suicide pact, said sheriff's spokeswoman Sgt. Megan Richards. They had received deep brain stimulation at Littleton Adventist Hospital in the spring of 2015, the Cañon City Daily Record reported. In the procedure, typically used for patients with Parkinson's disease or essential tremor, electrodes are placed on areas of the brain, says an article in the hospital's spring 2016 magazine. "The electrode wires are placed under the skin of the head, neck, and shoulder, connecting with a battery pack (called a neurostimulator), which is implanted in the chest during a second procedure about a week later," the article says. "Then, routine programming appointments help ensure the brain gets the proper amount of stimulation." Before the surgery, the article says, the sisters "felt at war with their own existence. And in a desperate cry for help as adolescents, they tried taking their own lives." A year after the surgery, they were "finding hope and joy in simple things like taking a morning walk - something they hadn't done in more than a decade," the article says. The sisters were featured on an episode of "The Doctors," a CBS talk show. Friday, their bodies were found in a vehicle parked at a rest area near the Royal Gorge, the Sheriff's Office reported. A sheriff's news release Saturday said one body had been found. "After further investigation and results from the autopsy," a Monday release said, "this appears to be an isolated incident, and there is no threat to the public." - Contact Ellie Mulder: 636-0198 Twitter: @lemarie ||||| Starting in 1996, Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive. Flowing in every day, these data are added to the Wayback Machine after an embargo period. |||||By . Daily Mail Reporter . Kidnap victim Natascha Kampusch, pictured, has become a recluse because of the 'horror' of contact with other people. The 26-year-old Austrian has given up her studies and no longer has driving lessons because she panics when she sees her instructor. She says she no longer wants children and rarely makes new friends – ending her Facebook presence and seldom using Twitter. Natascha Kampusch was kidnapped at the age of 10 and held captive for eight and a half years . Miss Kampusch was upbeat about her future after freeing herself from Wolfgang Priklopil in 2006 after being kept prisoner for more than eight years. But nerves have now destroyed her chances of an education. 'The regular contact with fellow students was really a horror scenario for me,' she said. The story of her ordeal was recently made into a film starring Irish actress Antonia Campbell-Hughes. Miss Kampusch has also put on weight significantly, in contrast with wafer-thin Campbell-Hughes who admitted she went on a massive diet in order to portray the kidnap victim in 3,096 Days. Irish actress Antonia Campbell Hughes portrayed the kidnap victim in 3,096 Days .A team of diggers has started removing 2,500 tonnes of waste from a 40ft-high rat-infested rubbish pile which has blighted the lives of residents for the past three years. The towering mountain of putrid rubbish sits at the end of cul-de-sac near Orpington, Kent, and is laden with everything . imaginable - from rotting industrial waste, old shoes and broken fridges . to tyres, scrap metal, excrement, discarded nappies and plastic bottles. The stinking mound - which residents say 'smells like rotting corpses' - is also prone to catching fire, as 'hot spots' smoulder deep inside the 60-ft wide pile of rubbish. Fire crews have now been called to 23 fires at the site - one of which lasted ten days - which has cost the taxpayer £650,000. Scroll down for video . This 40ft pile of stinking rubbish has blighted the lives of . residents living in a cul-de-sac near Orpington, Kent, since . 2011. Now, experts from the Environment Agency are starting to remove . some of the waste . The Environment Agency, which has been locked in a High Court legal battle with Waste4Fuel, which runs the site, has called in experts to remove 2,500 tonnes of rubbish from the 20,000 tonne pile . The towering mountain, which sits at the end of cul-de-sac, is laden with everything imaginable - from rotting industrial waste, old shoes and broken fridges to tyres, scrap metal, excrement, discarded nappies and plastic bottles . Now the Environment Agency - which is locked in a High Court legal battle with Waste4Fuel, which runs the site - has ordered experts to remove some of the mess so the pile is at a 'safe' level and stops spontaneously catching fire. But fed-up locals in Cornwall Drive, St Paul's Cray, say the action is not enough - and have called for the entire 20,000-tonne mountain to be removed. Jan Watkins, 60, a grandmother-of-two, said: 'It is a plague. It is a living nightmare. It is really, really horrible. You can't open your doors or your windows. The smell that comes through is like rotting corpses. 'You can't go out, it is in your clothes, in your hair, because the smell gets in them. You can't use your garden. Many residents have sore throats and coughs. Anybody who has a breathing problem suffers greatly.' Ms Watkins said residents had been campaigning to clear the site for three years and accused the EA of allowing the mound to spiral out of control by failing to take swift action. She said she feared the frequent fires . were belching toxic fumes which could be endangering the health of her . two young grandchildren, whom she looks after during the day. She said: 'If the Environment Agency . had taken action when we wanted them to two and a half years ago it . would be half the size. We feel very, very let down.' The mountain of garbage has been a problem for residents since rubbish disposal . company Waste4Fuel took over the site in 2011. Fire crews have been called to 23 fires at . the site, mostly during the hot summer weather, costing the taxpayer £650,000 and taking up 2,000 hours of firefighters' time . But residents say efforts by the EA to remove some of the waste - which includes rotting industrial waste, tyres, scrap metal and even excrement - is too little too late. They are campaigning for the entire tip to be removed . According . to its website, the firm’s aim is to reduce greenhouse gas emissions . and it ‘specialises in the collection and correct disposal of waste that . can be reprocessed for use in generating electricity.’ It charges people to dump rubbish at the site during the day and the night, which it then sorts, treats and sends on for disposal elsewhere. But residents say this practice does not happen and instead, over the past couple of . years, Waste4Fuel has simply taken the money and let it stack up into a . monstrous pile. Resident Denise Clark, 34, a mother-of-two, said : 'The smell, especially when it's hot, is repugnant, disgusting. It makes you feel sick to the stomach. It's like living next to a sewage . works. 'We have a real rat . problem. The size of the rats are massive - up to 2ft with their tails. I . have a three-year-old son and five-year-old daughter and it makes me . fear for their health. My son has eczema and it is not good for him.' Diggers working on the site is the first sign of any tangible action . being taken to free the residents of the rat-infested rubbish mound, which regularly catches fire . Waste4Fuel uses the site as a waste transfer site where it 'processes . general non-hazardous waste'. It is allowed a maximum of 5,500 tonnes on the site at . a time - but has almost four times that amount . She said local schools do not allow children out in the playground at break when the rubbish pile is on fire because of health fears. She added that residents fear the pile will one day cause a fire that gets out of control and spreads. She said: 'About 18 months ago there was a fire that lasted 10 days and that was pretty scary. If the wind was blowing the other way it could have taken the whole street out.' Ms Clark also blamed the unsightly 'scourge' for sending house prices in the street down, saying house prices had plummeted by £100,000. The location of a waste or recycling plant is the responsibility of the local authority, which in this case is Bromley Council. But . its size and scope is set out in the operating permit granted by the . Environment Agency, which allows Waste4Fuel to use the site ‘as a waste . transfer station processing general non-hazardous waste, from commercial . operators with [a maximum] of 5,500 tonnes allowed at any time.’ The pile is often seen emitting steam, as . rubbish smoulders deep inside the mound, pictured left. It is that which . has forced the EA to send in workers, pictured right, in a bid to take . the mound to a 'safe' level . The height and width of the giant mound mean most residents can see the rubbish pile from their window. Resident Denise Clark, 34, said the smell is 'repugnant, disgusting' and it is 'like living next to a sewage works' The . Environment Agency is currently locked in a legal battle with the firm, claiming it has not been paying for . the mound to be treated and sent on for disposal or recycling elsewhere. Last November, the agency won a court order for Waste4Fuel to clear the site of combustible waste by the end of April. But the firm said it could only afford to comply by generating more money — by allowing more waste to be brought on site — and applied to increase the amount of rubbish it handles from 75 to 200 tonnes a week. It ended up failing to comply with the order. The Environment Agency then tried to seek contempt charges against the recycling company, former company director Bryan Hughes, new company director Shelley Hurst and site manager Jonathan Beckson. The charges were in relation to . Waste4Fuel not complying with an undertaking to install appropriate fire . breaks and separate areas for new waste at the site. Resident Jan Watkins, 60, said she cannot open her doors or windows because the smell comes through like 'rotting corpses'. She said the smell even gets in her hair and on her clothes when she steps outside . Steam can often be seen coming from the top of the rubbish mountain as fire from within smoulders away, creating a putrid stench of burning plastic for local residents . But, in July this year, the High Court dismissed the case – a decision which the agency is now deciding whether to appeal. Talking about the team of diggers, the EA said: 'Environment Agency contractors have entered the Waste4Fuel site in Orpington in an operation to lower the illegal waste pile to a safe level. 'The Environment Agency's battle to ensure that the site operator and landowner clean up the site is continuing, but is taking this rare step to reduce the blight on the local community.' Rob Wise, environment manager at the EA, said: 'We understand the frustration of local residents and we will continue our fight against Waste4Fuel. 'It is not right that taxpayers should pick up the bill for this operation when it remains the responsibility of the site operator and landowners, but the priority is to make the site as safe as possible. 'We are committed to working with our partners, including the London Borough of Bromley, to find a long-term solution.'(CNN) -- When Joanne Branham lost her husband, Frank, to a brain tumor, she was devastated. But it wasn't until she visited her old neighbors in McCullom Lake, Illinois, that she began to question the cause of his death. Back in the community where she and Frank had lived for almost 40 years, Branham learned two of her former neighbors also had brain tumors. "It was like a light bulb went off," Branham recalls. "How can that many have cancer living right next door to each other?" Since then, more brain cancer cases have turned up, 30 in all, among current and former residents of McCullom Lake, a community of about 1,000 residents in northern Illinois, not far from the Wisconsin state line. Branham and others in McCullom Lake are now pointing the finger at a chemical plant a mile up the road in Ringwood, Illinois. For decades, they say, the Rohm and Haas plant dumped, spilled and leaked thousands of pounds of vinyl chloride and other toxic chemicals, poisoning the water and air around McCullom Lake. "I don't think there's been a bigger brain cancer cluster outside the workplace -- ever," says Aaron Freiwald, attorney for 31 McCullom Lake Village plaintiffs now suing Rohm and Haas. In addition to the brain cancer cases, there is one plaintiff alleging her liver damage resulted from environmental pollution. The company denies making anyone sick. Branham's case is the first to go to trial, with jury selection set to begin Wednesday in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 'Frank didn't have a chance' Frank Branham died in June 2004, a month after learning that he had a deadly glioblastoma brain tumor. He was 63. "Frank didn't have a chance," Joanne Branham says. "What they did was very wrong. They played with people's lives. I lost a husband, who was my best friend. The kids lost their father. The grandkids lost their grandfather," she added, barely able to get her words out through her tears. Rohm and Haas says even though the cancer cases are close together, they are random. "There is no cluster in McCullom Lake Village," says Kevin Van Wart, attorney for Rohm and Haas. "If you draw circles around selected cases, you can always draw the conclusion of something unusual." Brain and central nervous system cancers strike 7.6 per 100,000 people in the United States, according to the National Cancer Institute. An estimated 22,020 men and women in the United States will get diagnosed with these cancers this year. A month after the lawsuit was filed in 2006, the McHenry County Health Department in Illinois concluded there was no cluster of cancer cases in McCullom Lake. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention did its own analysis and agreed. Originally a dairy . The Rohm and Haas site produces polymers, adhesives, resins and sealants on a 120-acre site originally built as a dairy operation in 1916 and converted to chemical manufacturing in the early 1940s. The facility has disposed its waste off site since 1978, but vinyl chloride, trichloroethylene, or TCE, and vinylidene chloride have all been found in nearby groundwater, according to the CDC. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services calls vinyl chloride "a known carcinogen." Long-term exposure to vinyl chloride on the job increases workers' risk of cancers of the liver, brain, lung and blood, according to the U.S. Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry. Breathing or drinking high levels of TCE can damage the central nervous system, liver and lungs and also cause an abnormal heartbeat, according to the agency. Breathing high levels of vinylidene chloride can affect the central nervous system, liver and kidneys, the agency says. But Van Wart, the Rohm and Haas attorney, says the plume of contaminated groundwater is moving away from McCullom Lake and does not affect any homes or residential wells. "Nobody disputes that it exists. But that is not going anywhere near McCullom Lake Village," Van Wart says. "No agency has ever concluded any resident was exposed to dangerous chemicals." To put residents' fears at ease, Rohm and Haas has offered to pay up to $50,000 to test residents' wells. There are about 400 homes with private wells in the village. The company has also offered to pay $5,000 to monitor the air for vinyl chloride and $50,000 for an independent analysis of theories of possible vinyl chloride exposure. 'A beautiful place to live' When Joanne and Frank Branham moved to McCullom Lake in August 1960, they saw a picturesque community with other young families. "It was a beautiful place to live. We lived by a beach. We had such close neighbors. The whole subdivision was like a family," says Branham, who raised five children there. Frank Branham worked as general manager at a die cast plant in nearby Woodstock, Illinois. On Sundays, the husbands would go down to the beach to play baseball. The wives would pack picnic baskets and watch. Looking back, Joanne Branham says there were warning signs. In the summer, a terrible odor would sometimes force them to close their windows, she says. "We didn't put two and two together until we found there were so many other neighbors with cancers," Branham says. After her husband died, Joanne Branham's children bought her a plane ticket to return to Illinois, from Phoenix, Arizona, where she and her husband had retired. Visiting old friends, she learned former next-door neighbor Bryan Freund also has a brain tumor, an oligodendroglioma. So does Kurt Weisenberger, who lives on the other side of the Freunds, two doors down from the Branhams' former home. Freund, 49, a truck driver and jewelry store owner, says he never gave the Rohm and Haas plant a second thought until Joanne Branham came back to town. "It was really just a place I drove past," says Freund, who now suffers from headaches, seizures and memory loss. "I had dreams and aspirations," he adds. "Now when I look to the future it's really sort of a blank. I can't really expect to have one. That's a daily struggle." Weisenberger, 69, a retired general contractor, says he hopes the lawsuit will bring out the truth of what happened to the people of McCullom Lake. "It was a cover-up from the get-go as far as I'm concerned," says Weisenberger, who also suffers from seizures. Joanne Branham says she hopes the lawsuit, which asks for unspecified compensatory and punitive compensation, will make companies think twice. "What they did was wrong, and if this will save one person's life and they won't do this again, it will be worth it," she says. The trial is expected to last 10 to 12 weeks.A university student was shot during a party at his frat house this weekend after the shooter was barred from going inside and tried to rob some of the members. The 22-year-old student, who has not been named, was shot during a fight which broke out in the early hours of Saturday close to Temple University in Philadelphia. The man suffered a gunshot wound to the left thigh and was taken to Hahnemann University Hospital where he was treated and released. Scroll down for video . The 22-year-old student, who has not been named, was shot during a fight which broke out in the early hours of Saturday at a fraternity house (pictured) close to Temple University in Philadelphia . The suspect approached a group outside the fraternity house and demanded to go inside but was told he couldn't because he wasn't a student. He then threatened to rob them and brandished a handgun that he had tucked in the waistband of his pants. The victim tried to restrain the suspect and was shot, police said. One student who ran to help the victim told NBC: 'I applied the pressure on his wound. I put both my hands right on his hip. 'Also some kid who was an EMT took out a sweatshirt and covered him up and then the officer showed up and carried him out.' Police were still hunting for the gunman today. He was described as African-American, 5'8'-5'9', slim and around 35-40 years old. He was wearing blue jeans, a red hoodie, and red beanie hat and had no facial hair. MailOnline was awaiting a statement from Temple University on Monday. A 22-year-old Temple University student was shot and wounded in the left thigh close to the campus in the early hours of Saturday .ROME—Pope Francis calls global warming a major threat to life on the planet, says it is due mainly to human activity, and describes the need to reduce the use of fossil fuels as an urgent matter, in a published draft of a much-awaited upcoming letter on the environment. The draft copy of “Laudato Si’ ” (“Be praised”), his encyclical on the environment, has been eagerly awaited by business, policy makers and environmental groups. It was published online on Monday by the Italian magazine L’Espresso, three days ahead of its scheduled... ||||| An Italian text of a draft of the Pope’s Encyclical “Laudato Si’” has been published. Please note that it is not the final text, and that the rules of the Embargo remain in place. We ask journalists to respect professional standards, which call for waiting for the official publication of the final text. |||||By . David Mccormack and Rachel Quigley . PUBLISHED: . 09:10 EST, 9 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:49 EST, 9 November 2012 . He may have trust issues with women - but that certainly doesn't stop Josh Elliott from bedding them, according to new reports. It was revealed today that The Good Morning America anchor has been seen doing the 'walk of shame' from the home of WABC-TV anchor Liz Cho. The reports come just one day after the 41-year-old was described as being 'high-maintenance' and having 'serious trust issues with women stemming from a difficult childhood' - but friends of the star say he considers these rumours to be 'hurtful'. The couple were first reported to be in a relationship in September and a source told RadarOnline today: 'Josh has been seen sneaking out of Liz's apartment way early in the morning. 'It's been going on for at least three or four months, and she is in the middle of a really messy divorce.' A source told RadarOnline: 'Josh Elliott, right. has been seen sneaking out of local anchor Liz Cho's apartment way early in the morning. ' Ms Cho, 41, split from her husband Evan Gottlieb over the summer and moved out of their Yonker's mansion with her daughter to a Upper West Side apartment - where Josh has been seen leaving in the early hours of the morning. Josh is divorced from Priya Narang Elliot, the mother of his three-year-old daughter Sarina, while Ms Cho has a five-year-old daughter called Louisa Simone. Radar claimed this week: ‘It's . no secret that Josh has major, major issues with women. Josh had a . difficult childhood and as a result, has trust issues with females. 'He is extremely insecure and needs constant validation from everyone . around him about how wonderful he is and what a great job he is doing.' Anchor: Josh Elliott put on a brave face this morning on GMA despite reports yesterday that he was high maintenance and a diva on set . Rumors: Liz Cho, right, is said to want more than a fling with Josh but he has 'trust issues with women' and doesn't want to commit . The TV hosts were first spotted having dinner together in Manhattan in September sparking rumors of a fledgling relationship, but at the time friends said it was not a serious romance and they had been on a few dates. The New York Post reported that Ms Cho and her ex-husband were embroiled in a nasty legal battle over renovation work done to their $2.2 million, nine-bedroom, four-bathroom Westchester mansion. Ms Cho split from her husband Evan Gottlieb, pictured, over the summer and moved out of their Yonker's mansion with her daughter to a Upper West Side apartment . Cathal Maguire, a Yonkers contractor, claimed that Ms Cho and Mr Gottlieb racked up a $430,875 bill for upgrades made to their home and then stiffed him for $100,875 of the work. Ms Cho and her spouse filed a counterclaim in state Supreme Court in White Plains alleging Maguire inflated prices, charged for work never done and did a shoddy job. The case is ongoing. Meanwhile, It was also claimed that Josh has repeatedly clashed with co-host Lara Spencer . over trivial issues, including how stories are covered, and the pair's off-air relationship is anything but amicable. The only woman he is said to have any time for is primary anchor Robin Roberts. 'The only female Josh hasn't fought with is Robin Roberts, because he respects her for her previous work at ESPN, the source told Radar. 'He does have a daughter from his former marriage to Priya Narang Elliot, and that relationship ended in divorce. 'He is high maintenance, and if viewers could see what he was like off the air, people would be truly shocked.' A Good Morning America spokesperson . described the allegations about Elliott as 'absolutely false', adding . they do not comment on the private lives of their anchors. Elliot . was given up for adoption at birth. Then at 12 his